As a result, it was difficult or often impossible for local staff of the Department of Emergency Assistance and Social Services to visit their workplaces.
The draft resolution also clearly recalls the role played by the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs as a focal point for the promotion and coordination of United Nations humanitarian agencies and other humanitarian partners in the event of natural disasters.
Table 15 Fund of the United Nations International Drug Control Programme: resource requirements for the core programme, 2002-2003 (in thousands of dollars)
We will continue to make constant efforts to achieve this.” To address the Turkish Cypriots, he said that “woulder approaches prevail and that both parties would be able to lay the foundations for a viable solution so that both sides can benefit from the benefits of the accession of a reunited Cyprus to the European Union”.
In order to address this situation, the Department proposes the redeployment of one P-4 and six General Service posts to the Website Section, which has been reflected in the budget proposals for the biennium 2004-2005.
Urges the relevant United Nations bodies, within their respective mandates, to assist countries, upon request, in their efforts to prevent and eliminate all forms of violence against women, including crimes identified in the outcome document of the twenty-third special session of the General Assembly, and in this regard notes with appreciation the work of the United Nations Population Fund, the United Nations Children's Fund and the United Nations Development Fund;
Recalling section III, paragraph 1, of its resolution 47/216 of 23 December 1992,
At its 7th meeting, on 1 November 2002, the Conference, acting upon a recommendation of the SBSTA (FCCC/SBSTA/2002/L.6/Add.1), adopted decision 25/CP.8 entitled “Elements indicating progress made in accordance with Article 3, paragraph 2, of the Kyoto Protocol” (FCCC/CP/2002/7/Add.3).
Commends the Economic and Social Council for its deliberations and resolution on the matter, and requests it to continue to consider, in consultation with the Council, appropriate measures to coordinate the policies and activities of the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system for the implementation of the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly;
Taking note of the steps being taken to conduct a review of the Constitution with a view to modernizing it,
Calls upon the administering Power to facilitate the dispatch of a visiting mission to Guam, as requested by the territorial Government;
Sub-paragraph (b): Prevention of discrimination and protection of indigenous peoples
Despite the gravity of the situation concerning one of the Millennium Development Goals, I would like to conclude on an optimistic note.
(a) Archives of United Nations documents;
My delegation wishes to express its admiration and satisfaction at the content of Mr. Guéhenno's report on measures to combat HIV/AIDS in the context of peacekeeping operations, particularly because my country has hosted approximately 1,000 peacekeepers in the United Nations Disengagement Observer Force since 1974.
We are now engaged in political discussions to make this a reality.
Measures taken by UNICEF
Measures taken by UNICEF
On 26 June 2003, the Senior Legal Officer of the Appeals Chamber replied to Vojislav Šešelj and informed him that the issues raised in his letter of 26 May 2003 could not be directly brought before the Appeals Chamber, as they did not rely on any article of the Appeals Rules or met the criteria set out in the Practice Direction on the Appeals Process or Rev.5 in March 2003 (IT/15).
Few reporting countries report on Goal 8 (developing a global partnership for development).
Report of the Secretary-General (A/57/797)
At the same meeting, the Committee adopted the draft resolution without a vote (see para. 16, draft resolution I).
On the other hand, merchandise exports declined considerably between the early 1980s and the mid-1990s, but were recently observed.
The Attorney-General is the Legal Counsel of the Chief Advocate of the Government.
12.4 Life expectancy
The many crises in the world have aroused concern and pessimism about the future.
Noting the difficulty of ensuring the constructive participation of indigenous peoples' organizations in its current sessions and work, and of creating an active partnership between civil society, Governments and the United Nations system, the Forum recommends that a workshop be organized to develop new working methods for its future sessions, including pre-session dissemination methods.
The violence and mutual mistrust between Israelis and Palestinians — fuelled by the continuation of the Israeli occupation — have seriously undermined the prospects of resuming the search for a political solution.
Goals
* The delay in submitting this document was due to the late holding of the second meeting of the Group of Experts, to which the report was adopted.
While welcoming the withdrawal of some of France's reservations to the Convention in the field of family law, she was surprised that such reservations had been in place for so long.
As part of its audit in March 2003, the Board noted that the Department for General Assembly and Conference Management had launched a comprehensive study to establish or update workload standards and performance indicators.
This decision is not retroactive, the method used previously applies to cases that were investigated in 2002.
Pursuant to staff regulations 12.2, 12.3 and 12.4, the Secretary-General hereby promulgates the following:
It welcomes the political agreement of 15 November signed in Baghdad between the Governing Council and the Coalition Provisional Authority, which provides for the gradual restoration of sovereignty to the Iraqi people.
Facts and contentions
(b) Maintenance of existing applications, including the design, implementation and sequencing of tasks and other computerized systems of the Department; development and maintenance of information and communication technologies and related security network management; provision of support to end-users in the effective use of computers through the provision of user-friendly services; and technical support and maintenance of related crime applications.
“The Security Council notes with concern the conclusion of the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (UNODC) rapid opium assessment survey that opium cultivation was first observed in several districts.
With the long-standing institutional focus on human rights, the International Year of Indigenous Populations was declared in 1993 and the International Decade and the establishment of the Permanent Forum were proclaimed in Vienna this year.
The seriousness with which women's organizations and women's leaders have led to their struggle to exercise their rights to political office has contributed to that result.
The proposals made by the women's movement and by politicians have also been taken into account in the political agendas of the parties.
The Committee recommends that the State party consider reviewing its legislation and amending its provisions, if any, to ensure that all children enjoy equal rights without discrimination on the basis of ethnic origin, sex or other considerations.
Coordination
That is why Solomon Islands supports the Secretary-General's ongoing reform of the United Nations system as a process, not as an event.
The guidance on these developments is useful information for policy review and action, as well as for analysis of projections and other relevant sections of the compilation and synthesis report.
However, in many cases, information is not fully transparent and the standard operating procedures and classification as set out in the UNFCCC guidelines are not strictly adhered to.
Some Parties engaged in extensive climate research (for example, Australia, Canada, Japan, the United States and the United Kingdom) reported that funds had been specifically established to finance climate change research.
Most Parties recognized the importance of training and the scope of its opportunities in support of climate change mitigation policies and measures.
However, there is an understandable sense of deep anxiety among all, given the growing number of resolutions that are adopted every year, while many have no effect for all kinds of reasons, including neglect.
The Committee generally invites eight States parties to submit their reports to the Committee at each of its sessions, taking into account the priority to be given to States whose reports have been pending for longer than others and initial reports, and in order to maintain a balance, including geographical balance, in the consideration of reports.
In addition to the necessary preventive measures against such heinous behaviour, Spain strongly supports gender training programmes for humanitarian and peacekeeping personnel.
We must integrate drug-related issues into all reconstruction programmes designed for Afghanistan by inviting international financial institutions, multilateral development banks, United Nations agencies and bilateral donors to channel resources accordingly.
Draft resolution
]
Article 42 bis Banking Supervision
[Article 63 was deleted.
The Panel will be assisted by Mr. Andrew Danino (United Kingdom), who will serve as a part-time technical adviser, and will also be assisted by the necessary support staff.
The resolution that we have adopted today makes progress on both principles, in that it reaffirms the principle of self-determination and seeks a negotiated solution.
Better implementation of sanctions — thanks to the Security Council's watchful eye and increased responsiveness by Member States — will send the right message to all Governments and thus allow better implementation.
We believe that the international community must take the necessary steps to intensify the fight against terrorism in all its forms.
S/AC.26/Dec.191 (2003)
As noted above, good planning is an essential aspect of the implementation of Principle 1 and the most commonly used planning tool is an annual or multi-year programme.
It remains firmly committed to fulfilling its obligations under the Treaty and the agreements reached at the 1995 and 2000 Review Conferences and calls for the early and full implementation of the 13 practical steps agreed at the 2000 Review Conference.
He welcomed the voluntary moratoria applied by States not parties to that instrument, but remained convinced that States should move from political declarations to compliance with that legally binding instrument.
The most relevant example is that of the Voluntary Trust Fund established in 2000 by the United Nations General Assembly for the Financing of Participation in the Work of the Commission on the Limits of the Continental Shelf of members of that body of developing countries.
Afghanistan, Albania, Algeria, Andorra, Angola, Antigua and Barbuda, Argentina, Armenia, Australia, Austria, Azerbaijan, Bahamas, Bahrain, Barbados, Belarus, Belgium, Belize, Bhutan, Central African Republic, Bolivia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Botswana, Bulgaria, Burkina Faso, Burundi, Cambodia, Cameroon, Canada, Cape Verde, Chile, Colombia, Comoros, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Djibouti,
Article 71
Good offices 155
Date of birth
(a) Confirmation of the completion or interruption of the transaction;
The cost estimates take into account the services of private operators (rental and post-transport lease, pouch and mail) as well as the spare parts required for the maintenance of the Mission's communications networks during the liquidation period and the refurbishment of the equipment shipped to the United Nations Logistics Base at Brindisi.
Belize cooperates with Interpol and cooperates fully with other countries at the regional and international levels to coordinate and strengthen global responses to this serious problem that threatens international security.
Discrimination against women with disabilities will be one of the cross-cutting themes to be addressed by a ministerial conference organized by the Committee that brings together ministers from 40 countries responsible for disability policies.
13.9.3 The provisions of the Broadcasting Act, 1990 (the Radio and Television Broadcasting Act) state, inter alia, that television advertising cannot show any discrimination based on sex.
14.16.4 A programme of agricultural professional certificates (FETAC, level 3) specifically designed to meet the needs of rural women is being piloted in Co Laois and is followed by 36 female farmers.
(g) The same personal rights as husband and wife, including the choice of family name, profession and occupation;
Conferences, in which representatives of non-governmental organizations are involved, are:
The United Nations Statistics Division should organize expert group meetings and workshops in the above-mentioned areas.
With regard to evaluation and comparison of tenders, it was pointed out that article 34 (1) (a) of the Model Law prohibited price changes after submission of tenders and that article 34-8 provided that information on tenders should not be disclosed, which in both cases constituted an obstacle to the use of electronic auctions.
In 2003, it will provide support to Colombia as the temporary secretariat for the implementation of the Conference's Plan of Action.
Twenty-first Plenary Meeting of the Sociedad de Especialistas Latinos en Percepción Remota
The Committee was informed that difficulties had arisen at Headquarters in the award of a framework contract, and that if UNMIK had been authorized to buy the Minibus, they could have been obtained, but that would not have been in accordance with the procurement procedures applied by Headquarters.
Partnerships have been forged with civil society organizations, the private sector and government agencies, and a mobile exhibition of leading arts works has been organized to draw attention to drug problems.
Recalling also its resolutions on cooperation between the United Nations and the Economic Cooperation Organization, and inviting the specialized agencies and the organizations and programmes of the United Nations system, as well as the relevant international financial institutions, to pool their efforts to achieve the purposes and objectives of the Economic Cooperation Organization,
UNIFEM organized a series of briefings for United Nations agencies and government delegations on women and macroeconomics, focusing on the impact of fiscal and monetary policies on women and gender aspects of trade negotiations.
On 29 September, the members of the Council considered a letter dated 19 September from the Prime Minister of Ethiopia, Meles Zenawi, addressed to the President of the Council and heard a briefing by the Assistant Secretary-General for Peacekeeping Operations, Hédi Annabi, on the letters received from the leaders of the two countries.
All interested delegations are invited to attend.
Department of Economic and Social Affairs www.un.org/esa
Action on draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.5
E/CN.4/2003/61/Add.1
However, the Committee is concerned at reports that certain groups, in particular the Meskhets living in the Krasnodar district, will be denied registration and recognition of their nationality.
The Committee welcomes the quality of the report and the frank and constructive responses to its questions even though the report does not fully comply with the Committee's guidelines.
[O.
Follow-up to the Committee's conclusions/recommendations]
This interactive seminar is aimed primarily at ambassadors and other diplomats.
(Actual outlays, current prices)
Nigeria looked forward to the Global Solidarity Fund becoming operational and reaffirmed its commitment to partnerships involving African countries and the international community, within the framework of the New Partnership for Africa's Development.
This record is subject to correction.
In addition, income from new Member States (mainly from South Africa and Yugoslavia) in the amount of €299,793 was credited to Member States on 1 January 2003.
At its thirty-ninth session, the General Assembly, by making the United Nations Development Fund for Women a separate and differentiated entity, with the exception of the United Nations Development Fund for Women (UNIFEM), decided that the President should designate, with due regard to both voluntary contributions and the need for equitable geographical distribution, five Member States to serve on the Advisory Committee for a period of three years, with the understanding that each member would be represented by the Committee.
In accordance with Economic and Social Council resolution 1985/17, the Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights is composed of eighteen experts.
The magnitude of hunger, indigence, illiteracy and epidemics in the world fuel extremism in armed conflict and the proliferation of terrorist groups.
For example, when a carrier may qualify a description in the transport document using a formula such as “transmitted and counted by the shipper”?
Mr. Cunningham (United States of America): We are very pleased to participate in today's debate, which seems to me to be very timely.
In addition, $141.9 million has been allocated to various UNICEF projects funded from other resources.
Similarly, the lack of multi-agency evaluations of the effectiveness of the United Nations system at the country level is reflected in the absence of lessons learned at that level.
Meeting climate and environmental monitoring requirements in collaboration with partner agencies will also be one of the top priorities of WSIS.
During the first decade of the twenty-first century, an important opportunity to support and strengthen WMO programmes is presented through existing and planned satellite programmes.
We therefore fully support the extension for an additional 12 months.
In view of the above, the present report is submitted to the Thirteenth Meeting of States Parties to the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea.
At the local level
13.1 Subject to articles 64 13.2 and 65 13.3, the rights arising from the contract of carriage may be opposed to the carrier or a performing party only by:
The Investment Management Service should define realistic periods of validity for the implementation of approved transactions and include these criteria in the Business, Policy and Procedure Manual (AS2001/95/1/06).
The following information supplements the response to questions 10 and 11.
On the contrary, the Registrar should, in preparing the proposed programme budget for 2005, specify how it intended to minimize them.
Unilateral acts
Furthermore, it recalls the Paris Pact adopted in May 2003 on drug and crime-related problems along the trafficking routes between Central Asia and Europe and the June Security Council session on Afghanistan and drug and crime problems.
Member States should decide only on the final allocation of the balance of those funds.
Mr. Watson shared the view of the Secretariat that, in the work on security rights, the corresponding or related provisions of the draft Insolvency Guide should be reflected.
At its second meeting, the EGTT adopted the schedule of its regular meetings for 2003.
The Committee notes that Spain has become an important entry point for immigration into Europe, leading to a significant increase in the number of foreigners in the country.
In the report on its visit from 22 November to 4 December 1998, CPT stated that “the existence of testimonies indicating assaults on different parts of the body and in some cases more serious forms of physical abuse, including sexual assaults on women in prison and asphyxiating through the use of the plastic bag”l; in some cases, reports include medical certificates consistent with the testimonies of the victims;
He refers to a number of particular asylum cases in which the Supreme Court repealed an expulsion order, to show that each case was valued according to the circumstances of the case.
She claims that her extradition would constitute a violation by Switzerland of articles 3 and 15 of the Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment.
1.1 The complainant is Mr. H. I.
There has been a marked tendency to discontinue the practice of injecting in Thailand, where this path of administration is for less than 1 per cent of people admitted to treatment.
The points raised in the request of the Security Council Committee and to which the Government replied in this supplementary report relate to paragraphs 1, 2, 3 and 4 of resolution 1373 (2001) and other relevant matters.
c. United Nations Guidelines for the Prevention of Juvenile Delinquency (the Riyadh Guidelines) (Assembly resolution 45/112, annex);
Section III describes the characteristics of the economic situation and employment in New Caledonia, as well as the steps being taken to implement a policy to address the economic and social imbalances between the more prosperous province of the South and the less developed North Province and Loyalty Islands.
In December 2002, the Overseas Territories Minister stated before the New Caledonian Congress that the above-mentioned request to UNESCO had been premature, as the three provincial governments had not yet adopted their own environmental regulations.
The Committee invites the ECCAS Secretariat to submit to its decision-making bodies a programme of action on the harmonization of legislative procedures for the control of small arms and light weapons.
Criminal sanctions should not be replaced by conciliation methods, especially in cases of sexual offences, whether the aggressor was an intimate partner or an alien.
In doing so, the State and its agents must study the gender perspective in order to determine precisely how, why and under what circumstances specific forms of violence occur.
The Advisory Committee hoped that more would be done to control the cost of travel, which would appear to be substantially increased in many chapters.
A General Service post, Monitoring Unit, subprogramme 2 (ibid.).
At its 47th plenary meeting, on 11 November 2002, the General Assembly decided to defer consideration of the item entitled “Question of the Falkland Islands (Malvinas)” and to include it in the provisional agenda of its fifty-eighth session (see decision 57/511).
In this connection, the Committee recommends that the Assembly renew its request to the administering Powers to cooperate with the Special Committee in the discharge of its mandate and, in particular, to participate actively in the work relating to the Territories under their administration.
There is no evidence that it promotes economic development; on the contrary, there is a negative correlation between the size of the industry in a country and its economic development.
The report covers, inter alia, the activities of the United Nations and the activities of the United Nations Institute for Training and Research (UNITAR).
Meeting on 25 October 2002,
By an act of 19 December 1998, he requested the Constitutional Court to order the suspension of the application for amparo because he had been brought before the criminal court and the Court of Appeal.
It concluded that the latter had misinterpreted the protection afforded by article 33 of the Convention (relating to the status of refugees) and that it had not adequately taken into account the mitigating circumstances of the author's mental state at the time of committing the offences.
In this connection, it refers to the Committee's jurisprudence that there may be a violation of the Covenant when a State party expends a person under its jurisdiction in circumstances such as the necessary and predictable consequence will be a violation of the rights of that person protected by the Covenant in another State, and considers that the Minister's representative has found justified fear of persecution in Iran because of his religion and because of his psychological deprivation could bring him to the attention.
State party's observations on admissibility and merits
The authors have already exhausted a series of judicial remedies by bringing their cases to the Supreme Court.
The author claims that the State party violated article 26 of the Covenant by granting to a minority of its citizens the exclusive right to receive other citizens a charge for access to a high-value natural resource - which is divided almost seven times higher than that of the land territory of Iceland - which was previously not subject to the right of ownership and is guilty of a criminal offence as a result of his refusal to comply.
6.4 The State party reiterates that the same case has already been examined by the European Court, which, in order to declare inadmissible the author's complaint, has had to consider the merits, if only summarily.
The State party provided copies of the minutes of the trial before the High Court.
Sweden and Switzerland:* draft resolution
) Available at www.dams.org.
The increased concentration of small arms and light weapons in various parts of the world, the possession and use of such weapons by civilian groups or by subversive armed organizations are the main reason for the ineffective control of arms imports and exports, the failure to control military arsenals and illicit arms trafficking, sometimes carried out in connivance with producer Governments.
It recommends that Parties urgently introduce ways and means of free exchange of climate observation data and products for key variables of the climate system.
Questionnaire on civil status 15
Cooperation with other United Nations bodies, specialized agencies and other competent bodies.
General comments.
Costa Rica
It is precisely this connection that has mobilized the Government's ongoing efforts to base sectoral social reforms on a major ethical commitment, according to which rights are a means of strengthening and improving citizenship in the context of an increasingly inclusive and inclusive model.
Some of them are making considerable efforts in this area.
(d) The Roma Report.
China is the world's most densely populated developing country, and the Chinese Government, supported by all parts of its society, is making continuous efforts to create a world fit for children.
The policy for the full development of children is based on social assistance programmes that are based on the principle of equal opportunities and social justice for the distribution of resources, as well as the Government's absolute commitment to children.
Afghanistan, Algeria, Angola, Antigua and Barbuda, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Bahamas, Bahrain, Bangladesh, Barbados, Belarus, Belize, Bhutan, Bolivia, Botswana, Brazil, Brunei Darussalam, Burkina Faso, Burundi, Cambodia, Cameroon, Cape Verde, China, Colombia, Congo, Costa Rica, Côte d'Ivoire, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Ecuador, Egypt, Eritrea, Lao People's Democratic Republic, Lao People's Democratic Republic, Jordan, Lao People's Democratic Republic, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Lao People's Democratic Republic, Lao People's Democratic Republic, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Lao People's Democratic Republic, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Lao People's Democratic Republic, Lao People's Democratic Republic, Lao People's Democratic Republic, Lao People's Democratic Republic, Lao People's Democratic Republic, Lao People's Democratic Republic, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Lao People's Democratic Republic, Lao People's Democratic Republic, Lao People's Democratic Republic, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya
Recognizing that the promotion and protection of the rights of persons belonging to national or ethnic, religious and linguistic minorities contribute to the political and social stability and peace of the States in which they live, and enhances the cultural diversity and heritage of society as a whole,
Sunday, 12 January 2003
Trade and Development Report, 1998, part one, chap.
Furthermore, the United Nations ICT Task Force should be the focal point for the Organization's activities to formulate development strategies in this regard.
Indeed, it has become much more difficult to reach consumers by means of mass communication because of the decline in the share of the television market and the proliferation of cable chains, specialized magazines and millions of websites.
The Committee continued its consideration of agenda item 157.
Requests the Secretary-General to make recommendations to the Council as soon as possible on how the United Nations could fully support the implementation of the Linas-Marcoussis Agreement, in accordance with the request of the Round Table of Ivorian Political Forces and the Conference of Heads of State on Côte d'Ivoire, and expresses its readiness to take appropriate action on the basis of those recommendations;
As I know, certain types of weapons must be collected, but other types of weapons — small arms — will not be collected.
Statement of cash flows for the period ended 31 December 2002 11
Statement IX presents the financial situation of the United Nations Mission in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
The Chairman recalled that he wished to ensure an atmosphere conducive to constructive, open and interactive dialogue.
Emerging issues
A PRSP (aid and related funds) can become a powerful mechanism for promoting sustainable forest management.
In support of this approach to which they intend to work fully, CEB members stressed the need to strengthen synergies between the development goals and the institutions responsible for pursuing them, while ensuring that the division of labour within the system is exploited in a harmonious manner without dilution.
It considered that armed conflict, terrorism, arms trafficking and covert operations by a third Power, among other things, encourage the demand for mercenaries in the global market.
In view of the growing number of mercenary activities in the world and the magnitude of illicit acts involving mercenaries, it is important that the international instrument developed to combat such activities be supported by a large number of States.
Article 2
Figure III
These studies and the outcomes of the Forum were compiled in a book entitled “Turning Losses into Gains: SIDS and Multilateral Trade Liberalization in Agriculture” (UNCTAD/DITC/TNCD/2003/1).
South-Eastern Europe is now peaceful.
First, international instruments are adopted, which address issues of nationality so as to ensure equal rights for men and women.
The development of a national strategy is not an ad hoc task.
It is necessary to ensure that both poverty reduction strategy papers and sector-wide approaches are based on the principles inherent in the rights of the child, reflect an integrated and child-centred approach, which considers the child as a rights holder, and incorporate development goals and targets related to children.
[Adopted without a vote.
The Ad Hoc Group, which is working on the creation of an electronic database to enable companies participating in the Asia-Africa Business Forum to identify each other's Internet partners, is currently changing existing arrangements to establish commercial links between African and Asian entrepreneurs.
In his interim report, the Special Rapporteur indicated that most of the urgent appeals he had sent had not received any response or information on the steps taken to implement them.
Delegations wishing to be inscribed on the list of speakers for the general debate on decolonization items, which will begin on Monday, 6 October (see document A/C.4/58/L.1*), are kindly requested to contact Ms. Catherine Dakay (room S-2977; tel.
Emphasizing that South-South cooperation, as an important element of international development cooperation, offers serious opportunities for developing countries and countries with economies in transition in their individual and collective pursuit of sustained economic growth and sustainable development,
• The United Nations system should be encouraged to increase intergovernmental coordination and coherence on issues related to peace, security and development in Africa.
At the 20th meeting, on 11 July, the Council held a round-table discussion on Council reform: to ensure that the work of the Council has a greater impact.
Themes of the high-level segment and the coordination segment of the substantive session of 2003 of the Economic and Social Council
52/12 Renewing the United Nations: a programme of reforms
20/18 Environmental conventions
E/CN.4/2002/83/Add.1
With regard to landmines, it emphasizes the imperative nature of demining operations.
Explosions in Pristina, Lipljan and Mitrovica
Table of vulnerability
We face a labour crisis.
The forces of globalization, which are manifested in the increased flow of goods and services, information, cultural trends and populations among the countries of the world, have not been accompanied by the establishment of the necessary measures and/or political institutions to deal with the consequences of globalization.
Failure may be of a physical, intellectual or sensory nature, or may be held in a pathological or mental condition.
They are excluded from school attendance and domestic workmenus outside the family.
This opposition sometimes takes the form of a political and religious project, but it can also lead to violent confrontations and to the emergence of terrorist movements, particularly in traditional societies.
5-6 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room 3
The opening ceremony was marked by:
Darman is known not as faction leader, but as someone who facilitates contracts by foreign companies seeking access to Somalia's natural resources, which has also been involved in the manufacture of Somali falsehoods.
In June and July 2003, as President of Somalia, Darman visited Malaysia.
Transport of dangerous goods
In other words, anyone who adopts a vocabulary or behaviour threatening, abusive or insulting, calibration of written or printed equipment also threatening, abusive or insulting or otherwise behaving in such a way as to incite racial hatred is liable to a prison sentence of 6 to 18 months.
In addition, the community service organized for nursing and obstetric care provides night and day care.
In addition to this passive surveillance (insured by the care providers), the service itself travels to laboratories and hospitals to report directly to them.
The “Environmental Health” unit plays the main role in monitoring the baths, periodic examinations and water control of pisco.
We believe that they have all contributed to achieving the objectives of NEPAD.
Equatorial Guinea is a peace-loving country and, as such, we have participated and actively participated in the efforts of the Economic and Monetary Community of Central African States to resolve conflicts in Central Africa. Among other measures, we have sent a contingent of troops to ensure the maintenance of peace in our brother country, the Central African Republic, and from 27 to 31 October, we will be hosting the twentieth ministerial meeting of the United Nations Standing Advisory Committee on Security.
We trust that the Council, on behalf of the international community, will do what is necessary to maintain peace in accordance with the principles enshrined in the Charter of the United Nations and international law.
We would like to see the advent of a multilateral system capable of carrying out its global mandate in a timely and effective manner.
These two elements continue to be the essential tools for resolving the crisis.
The allegations made by the United Nations Monitoring, Verification and Inspection Commission and IAEA that they have not found a substantial violation of resolution 1441 (2002) in Iraq and that Baghdad is willing to support the work of the inspectors by encouraging its researchers to accept private interviews with the inspectors and allowing reconnaissance flights to be welcomed and encouraged.
What do we want today in 2003 in the area of security?
Agenda item 121
At the invitation of the Chairman, Ms. Seijo Ortiz (Colegio de Abogados de Puerto Rico) took a place at the petitioners' table.
The Minister of Justice requests the competent body of the foreign State to inform him of the final closure of the proceedings.
The Rome Statute is a carefully balanced instrument that respects the sovereignty of States that wish to comply with their legal obligations to investigate and, possibly, try those who commit the most serious crimes.
Corrections should be sent under the signature of a member of the delegation concerned within one week of the date of publication to the Chief of the Official Records Editing Section, room DC2-750, 2 United Nations Plaza, and incorporated in a copy of the record.
However, that recovery will not be felt at the moment for its neighbours; Paraguay and Uruguay.
The Secretary read out revisions to the draft resolution.
Opening for signature
The systematic approach of networking with field offices, investment and technology promotion offices and national cleaner production centres is positive.
In order to finance reconstruction, health services and the improvement of the education sector, the Government had to take huge national debt and adopt rigorous budgets to limit expenditure.
By the end of 2002, the number of persons of concern to UNHCR was estimated to be approximately 20 million, including many, whose situation is endless, such as internally displaced persons in Colombia, the Bhutanese refugees in Nepal and the Saharan refugees still languishing in camps.
Without delay after the cessation of active hostilities and as much as possible, subject to their legitimate security interests, the High Contracting Parties and parties to an armed conflict that have used or abandoned explosive ordnance that may have become explosive remnants of war shall provide such information to the party or parties that control the affected area, bilaterally or through third parties, and which may be, inter alia, by providing United Nations agencies with information that are affected, or may be, upon request, by the clearance.
• Resolution No. 87/99 of the Ministry of Science, Technology and Environment, which establishes the conditions for the transport, storage and destruction of dangerous substances;
(e) Urges States to implement as a matter of priority maritime security legislation consistent with the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea and other relevant agreements in the interest of world maritime trade.
This breach also threatens the living conditions of seafarers and the interests and obligations of all States in protecting the environment and resources of the high seas.
(c) The new potential and uses of the oceans;
In conclusion, it is of the utmost importance to honour the commitments made at the barracks of the Brussels Declaration and Programme of Action and to ensure that the World Solidarity Fund becomes operational urgently.
The attitudes towards rape and violence
Both spouses have the same right to use property acquired according to the needs of the family.
The momentum of joint activities to combat desertification, which is very important for the countries of Central and Eastern Europe, including the Russian Federation, must be maintained.
During the reporting period, with broad international support, reconstruction and recovery continued to make progress in South-Eastern Europe.
The gender parity target for one year or more Professional staff has not been achieved, since the proportion of women recruited in 2002 has reached only 33.2 per cent, a 7.5 per cent decrease compared to 2001.
The lack of female doctors and nurses remains the main constraint on the health sector in the country.
(c) The amount of $33,250,000 representing the excess of the authorized level of the Peacekeeping Reserve Fund for the financial period ended 30 June 2002 will be reduced to the amount required for the period from 1 July 2003 to 30 June 2004;
If the principle of free access is approved by the General Assembly, the registration system for some users will be required, as the ODS contains not only documents that are available to all but also documents that are restricted and will continue to be protected by passwords.
Replace the expected accomplishment with the following: “(d) Making progress towards finding a durable solution by planning, facilitating and effectively organizing voluntary repatriation of refugees in safety and dignity and by following up on the situation in the countries to which they return”.
Nimer Taher Musa Jaysi
You will be able to count on Bangladesh's full support in its ambitious task of leading our work towards a positive outcome.
They have thus tried to deliberately disengage the Palestinians and incite them to respond to the same, thus precipiting the collapse of the road map.
Most recently, the Court of Appeal has provided extensive evidence of its jurisdiction and effectiveness by stating three customs in the states of Enugu and Anambra that discriminate against women and in violation of their rights and human dignity, as it has done in the following cases:
In this regard, rural areas have much more road than urban areas.
One of the Division's programmes aimed at building statistical capacity includes a component on social statistics and gender statistics (see E/CN.3/2003/23).
In fact, it has not gone beyond the minimum in fulfilling the commitments made in Johannesburg.
In 1999, during the International Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement Conference, Governments and our national societies acceded to a plan of action to address this growing problem, which includes strengthening road safety measures in partnership with other stakeholders.
This issue must not be divided into the international community, but it must not be kept down.
In favour:
Issues to be addressed
The Committee recommends that the State party rigorously define the mandate and responsibilities of the various mechanisms for the advancement of women and gender equality and allocate adequate budgetary resources.
Before concluding, I would like to say that we welcome the important role played by FAO and other international bodies in fisheries management.
One of the main results achieved during the first six months of 2003 is the modification of the existing reimbursement method that would allow a significantly higher level of reimbursement before reaching the maximum annual benefit authorized in the Plan.
The Assembly thus concluded its consideration of all the reports of the Sixth Committee.
Resolution 2625 (XXV), annex.
Accordingly, in resolution 1373 (2001), the Security Council demanded that all States take measures to prevent terrorism and its financing and established the Counter-Terrorism Committee, which has become the main mechanism for implementing the provisions of the resolution.
These initiatives included streamlining the guidelines and procedures and making them more user-friendly through an electronic human resources management manual, developing a new staff selection system and the Galaxy system available on the web site, promoting Organization-wide expertise, introducing an electronic performance appraisal system, establishing a career development centre at Headquarters and managing the orientation of the JPOs.
Ms. Buchanan (New Zealand), speaking on behalf of the delegations of Australia, Canada and New Zealand, said that the value of the type of management studies contained in the report was reflected in the inclusion of the OIOS findings in the Secretary-General's proposals to strengthen the Organization.
In 2002, there were an average of 3 to 5 young offenders.
The beneficiaries can receive up to 70 per cent of the cost of day-care services.
The National Assembly of Wales is carrying out a comprehensive policy to promote equal opportunities and diversity, which includes initiatives such as flexible working hours, part-time work, post-sharing, special leave, parental leave, day-care facilities and centres that have been spent during holidays.
If this problem is not resolved quickly, the confidence of suppliers in the certification process could erode, which could lead to adverse effects on supply channels.
It must be noted that, 10 years after the World Conference on Human Rights, solemn commitments to universal ratification of the treaties contained in the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action have not been fulfilled.
However, a specific balance sheet remains to be done.
In accordance with paragraph 13 of the statute of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, the Secretary-General proposes that the General Assembly extend the mandate of Mr. Ruud Lubbers as United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees for a period of two years beginning on 1 January 2004 and expiring on 31 December 2005.
* Provisional amounts for 2002, before final reconciliation with the Treasury.
• Establishment of a human resources policy with regard to the specific needs of the Office of the Prosecutor, in accordance with the instructions given by the Prosecutor
Justification of posts
However, the High Commissioner's report contains certain omissions such as the massacres of Muslims perpetrated in the Indian State of Gujarat and the political fascism of India against minorities.
(i) Recurrent publications: Energy and Transport Newsletter (4); International Rivers and Lakes Newsletter (4); Natural Resources Forum (8); instruments of a sustainable development policy (1);
However, it was not the modification of an existing reservation, but the formulation of a fully new reservation.
We need significant and diverse resources.
To further improve our rule of law work, we call upon the Secretariat to conduct a more systematic review of lessons learned; to develop a pool of experts, both pluralist and representative, in areas related to justice and the rule of law, to which urgent appeal may be made; to plan early warning and observation mechanisms to ensure that support is sustained over time, with the necessary intensity.
In paragraphs 6 to 11 of document A/58/599, the Secretary-General reviewed the negotiations between the city and the State of New York.
The Security Council,
The first version of the draft should be ready in September 2003, and the Secretariat believes that the manual will be circulated as a United Nations publication.
It noted that to date no coastal State had submitted a request for advice.
The accomplices and instigators will be punished with the same penalties as the main perpetrators in accordance with articles 6, 48 and 49 of the Penal Code and excluded from the stay.
Article 2 of the Labour Act prohibits unequal treatment of persons in search of employment or workers, inter alia, on the basis of sex, family status and family tasks, and obliges employers to pay equal pay for work of equal value to women and men.
The family policy aims to strengthen the role of the family, which is in part governed by the new family law.
The discussion focused on the definition of “contract of carriage”.
The Working Group then devoted its attention to draft article 13(2) concerning the sacrifice of the goods by the carrier for the common salvation or for the protection of other property.
Recommendations
This would help to avoid predicting the international counter-terrorism campaign to trample on and violate the rights of peoples and undermine the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Member States.
The Committee points out that, at the end of December 2002, 113 Professional and 16 General Service staff still have no assignment at the end of their standard assignment period, but are on special leave with full pay.
This demonstrates the value of the Agreement in guiding cooperation even in areas to which it does not apply.
(c) Participation of a representative sample of competent scientists from all States members of regional fisheries management organizations.
Many delegations supported country studies to show how States were trying to implement the right to development through their national plans and domestic policies.
In the light of the above, the Panel recommends compensation for salaries and other costs of the total FRF 423,722 and GBP 3,488.
As a result of Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait, the supply of KPE to crude oil “Kuwa's export” was abruptly interrupted.
Iraq subsequently recognized that it had not paid attention to these changes.
Settlements should treat all their wastewater.
Israel should do its utmost to minimize the environmental impact of settlements.
Human rights are an integral part of the Visitors' Service's guided tour comment, and the guides are often asked to raise human rights issues.
The Special Rapporteur assumes that the idea that there may be rights without duties and ethical responsibilities, or rights not based on equity and human solidarity, is contrary to any logic, in addition to being socially incapacitated.
The initiatives emanating from those events have led to further Israeli aggression against the Palestinian people, and Israel has continued to refuse to implement the agreements it has signed.
The decrease in requirements under mission subsistence allowance is due to the lower number of field staff.
Mines are part of an evolving process, and complementary efforts must be continued.
Al-Kindi is a company that is well known to engage in activities related to proscribed weapons systems.
Iraq's disarmament must not be seen as a face-to-face face between Iraq and the United States.
Israel ensures that this fence does not cause excessive hardship to local Palestinian residents, while conducting extensive consultations with the local population on the route of the fence and actively initiating a process of judicial calls and control.
We oppose the activities of the two parties that prejudge final status negotiations.
Remittances
ICRC signed an agreement with the Abkhaz de facto health authorities to continue food aid throughout the region in 2003 for almost 20,000 of the poorest and vulnerable residents.
The United Nations Human Rights Office in Abkhazia, Georgia, has expanded its activities to raise awareness of international human rights standards, implementing several projects in the areas of education and the media.
People have come great distances to come here, and we must have the courtesy to listen to them in silence and to pay attention to what they have to say.
The first is the dawn of the “era of terrorism”.
Some apply the general cessation of pure and simple payments, i.e. the debtor's inability to fulfil its obligations at maturity.
Obligations should arise upon commencement and continue to apply throughout the proceedings.
These rules may address, inter alia, the requirements for the attendance and participation of the meeting, the quorum, the Presidency and the general conduct of the meeting.
Some insolvency laws adopt the principle that in some cases it may be appropriate to limit the ability to grant a landfill.
(e) The agreement reached on 27 May 2003 on the Joint Action Plan of the Government of the Union of Myanmar and the International Labour Organization for the Elimination of Forced Labour in Myanmar, which includes the appointment of an independent facilitator to assist potential victims of forced labour, but notes that the conditions necessary for the implementation of this plan of action are not being met;
In doing so, they may wish to encourage the preparation of new reports on progress and areas requiring further attention.
The resource requirements of $86,559,200 relate to a staffing table of 763 posts (208 Professional posts and 555 General Service posts) (see ibid., table 8).
Building on the key UNICEF sales argument.
Requests the Secretary-General to submit to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session a report on the implementation of the present resolution;
We hope that the Security Council missions and the parties concerned will work further to create the conditions for women's in-depth and wider participation.
With regard to non-proliferation, China supported the Agency's efforts to strengthen safeguards and strengthen global non-proliferation mechanisms.
No tangible or material damage has been reported.
As part of ongoing efforts to involve young people more systematically in the protection of children in armed conflict, the Office of the Special Representative has launched a comprehensive youth programme.
(c) The contact details, including its e-mail address.
".
Calls upon the relevant United Nations bodies dealing with the issue of biotechnology to cooperate to ensure that countries receive sound scientific information and practical advice to enable them to benefit from such technologies, as appropriate, in order to promote economic growth and development;
The Committee was informed that the draft resolution contained no programme budget implications.
* Document E/CN.4/Sub.2/2003/L.10 and addenda will contain the draft chapters of the report relating to the organization of the session and the various agenda items.
If all peacekeeping accounts were retroactively consolidated, unpaid assessments for each operation would be combined.
Election of officers.
In addition, the draft law provides that the perpetrator may be liable for all or part of the other complementary penalties provided for by law, for example, to deprive him of the continuation of the professional or social activities that have helped him to carry out one or more money-laundering operations from activities considered by law as a crime or a crime or related to the financing of persons, organizations or activities connected with terrorism.
Recalling its resolution 57/6 of 4 November 2002, in which it invited Member States to develop their activities to promote a culture of peace and non-violence at the national, regional and international levels,
They are actively following the investigation, exerting pressure to bring it to fruition and take steps to ensure that the facts do not recur.
Mr. Ekua Avomo (Equatorial Guinea), Vice-President, took the Chair.
Second Committee
Improving the living conditions of 100 million slum-dwellers by 2020 from a field perspective, adequate housing and the role of local authorities (paragraph 11);
In addition to fund-raising, the Committees had taken many initiatives around the MTSP themes, often with the support of the Regional Office for Europe.
The Regional Director commented on achievements and examples in the areas of HIV/AIDS and girls' education in the Southern African region.
To achieve this status, charitable associations must apply to the Ministry of Justice.
Where the law of a Contracting State determines consequences at the time when an offer or acceptance of an offer reaches the recipient or provider, and a data message is used to express such offer or acceptance, the data message is deemed to reach the recipient or author of the offer when it receives it.”
The reporting State should indicate whether international human rights legislation is a mandatory subject in universities and when a new family code is adopted.
There will be no transparency and confidence in that region until transparency is balanced and complete.
Calls upon developed countries to promote, through increased and effective cooperation with developing countries, capacity-building and access to and transfer of technologies and related knowledge, in particular to developing countries, on favourable terms, including concessional and preferential terms, taking into account the need to protect intellectual property rights and the special needs of developing countries, by defining and taking practical measures to ensure that progress is achieved;
I, resolution 1, annex.
Report of the United Nations Conference on Human Settlements (Habitat II), Istanbul, 3-14 June 1996 (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.97.IV.6), chap. I, resolution 1, annex II.
Item 1 of the provisional agenda
Any amendment deemed necessary to be necessary to the law establishing the Extraordinary Chambers must always be preceded by consultations between the parties.
Recalling its resolutions 56/1 of 12 September 2001, in which it strongly condemned the heinous acts of terrorism committed on 11 September 2001 and 57/27 of 19 November 2002, in which it also condemned the acts committed in Bali and Moscow and urged international cooperation aimed at the total prevention and eradication of terrorist acts,
In its resolution 1441 (2002), the Council reaffirmed that Iraq's possession of weapons of mass destruction poses a threat to international peace and security, that Iraq, in clear violation of its obligations, has failed to disarm and is, therefore, in clear violation of the ceasefire conditions established by the end of hostilities in 1991 by the Security Council in its resolution 687 (1991).
We also call upon Israel to lift the blockade of the occupied territories and to withdraw its troops from Palestinian cities to bring them back to their positions before September 2000.
The Sub-Commission on the Promotion and Protection of Human Rights, considering the Declaration on the Right to Development adopted by the General Assembly in its resolution 41/128 of 4 December 1986, taking into account resolution 2003/83 of 25 April 2003, adopted by the Commission on Human Rights, in which the Commission requests the Sub-Commission to prepare a conceptual framework for the implementation of and feasibility of the right to development, including an international legal standard.
Guided by the Charter of the United Nations, the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the Declaration on Principles of International Law concerning Friendly Relations and Cooperation among States in accordance with the Charter of the United Nations and the International Covenants on Human Rights,
However, after discussion, the Working Group agreed that it might be useful to have additional information on national law applicable in the matter.
Taking note of Commission on Human Rights resolution 2003/70 of 20 April 2003, in which the Commission requested the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to prepare a report, together with the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization, on the achievements and failures of the current United Nations Decade for Human Rights Education,
The ICTR has taken several measures to minimize the impact of these factors in the future.
The health status of the accused has resulted in numerous delays in a particularly complex case, involving three separate indictments for Kosovo, Croatia and Bosnia, totalling 66 counts, hundreds of witnesses and tens of thousands of pages of documents, most of which are to be translated from the Serbo-Croatian to English and French, which are the working languages of the Tribunal.
Following the information provided to the Council by President Meron, I would like to provide members with some information on the nature of the cases that continue to be investigated.
Fifth session
This was particularly the case with the International Patrioine World Heritage Congress 2002, which brought together over 600 participants from around the world.
Contacts have been made with the European Space Agency, the Gand and Levain-la-Nuve Universities in Belgium, the Brazilian and Argentine space agencies and NASA to map and better monitor World Heritage sites.
Similarly, resolution 1483 (2003) specifically calls upon UNESCO, Interpol and other international organizations, if appropriate, to assist in the implementation of this obligation.
The establishment of an International Coordinating Committee was recommended.
Representatives of Interpol and the Italian Police Service presented their efforts to combat the illicit traffic in cultural objects.
(b) Opportunities for risk assessment methodologies as outlined in the IPCC Third Assessment Report;
However, the Government is increasingly struggling, owing to fiscal restrictions, to meet these costs and is seeking to transfer a higher proportion to the private market.
(Signed) Ali Hachani Ambassador Permanent Representative
The demand of the Lebanese Government has become more pressing because of the grave violations and provocations that Israel is taking place every day beyond the Blue Line, on land, at sea and in the air, and by which it continually undermines Lebanon's sovereignty, threatens its security and integrity and is blatantly violating Security Council resolution 425 (1978).
Policies and measures for “good practices” applied by Parties included in Annex I to the Convention.
It is regrettable that during the same period, bombings and targeted attacks against civilians have also continued.
Therefore, the transfer of unearmarked expertise will have lasting positive effects, and it is in this context that the status issue can begin to be addressed.
The President (spoke in Russian): I thank the representative of Greece for his kind words addressed to me.
Mr. Rodríguez Parilla (Cuba) (spoke in Spanish): The debate on agenda item 38 of the General Assembly devoted to the question of Palestine coincides with the events organized yesterday on the occasion of the International Day of Solidarity with the Palestinian People.
In 1982, Israel once again invaded Lebanon, reaching its capital in Beirut, and withdrew only after the Lebanese resistance broke out of force, which lasted more than 22 years.
For these reasons, the Council was in favour of developing different sets of regulations according to the two types of resource and recommended caution in this regard.
The time frame established to accelerate the gradual abandonment of simple ships, which was adopted in April 2001 after the Erika disaster, in the form of a revision of regulation 13G of annex I to MARPOL 73/78, entered into force on 1 September 2002 together with the accompanying CAS.
The subsequent displacement and melting of ice in some areas of the continental shelf allow for the dissemination of pollutants in the sediment of deep oceanic environments and seas.
Annex IV to that Protocol prohibits virtually all forms of pollution by ships throughout the Treaty area.
See Focus on IMO — IMO and Dangerous Goods at Sea (1996).
This is the case, for example, when a military cause an accident, particularly abroad, the jurisdiction of a military court, thereby depriving it of the jurisdiction of the territorial jurisdiction of the common law.
Judge Lamer, speaking on behalf of the majority: “For the armed forces to be ready to intervene, the military authorities must be able to enforce internal discipline effectively ... The use of ordinary criminal courts, as a general rule, would be insufficient to meet the special needs of the armed forces in the field of discipline.
The situation between Iraq and Kuwait.
Subject to article 18, paragraph 2, the subsidiary bodies of the Governing Council shall elect their own officers.
The representative of the Secretary-General introduced chapter 35 and responded to queries raised in connection with the Committee's consideration of the chapter.
It was generally felt that African countries should play a central role in mobilizing resources for the implementation of the NEPAD programme.
Five non-governmental organizations and one governmental observer made statements under this agenda item.
On 15 November 2003, eight NF-5 Turkish military aircraft flying in two formations took off from the illegal airport of Tymbou in violation of international air traffic regulations and the national airspace of the Republic of Cyprus, flying over the occupied areas of Kyrenia and Mesaoria before landing at the same airport.
(iii) Humanitarian missions: assessment of compliance with the guiding principles of humanitarian assistance in specific complex crisis situations and in the context of the strategic coordination of the work of the United Nations in terms of policy, peacekeeping, assistance and protection of human rights; assistance to sanctions committees in the search for new approaches to better targeting of sanctions and humanitarian actors; and inter-agency coordination in disasters.
27.31 To achieve this objective, the respective offices and sections follow the strategic plan of the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs to establish an effective and accountable leadership structure for the coordination of interventions and to continue to develop strong and stronger coordination systems.
This document sets out the revised United Nations mine action strategy for the period 2001 to 2005.
In addition, the judges have adopted numerous amendments to the Rules of Procedure and Evidence.
In our national courts, there are now seven war crimes trials.
(e) Long-term financial planning:
Therefore, the model provision might only deal with cases in which such rights exist and simply state: “The concessionaire enjoys such rights to the extent that the law so provides.”
• The National Police is involved in all phases of the recruitment and training of the officers of the security companies, determining and controlling the weapons at their disposal.
(f) To lift all restrictions on the peaceful political activity of all persons, including former political prisoners, including by guaranteeing freedom of association and expression, including freedom of the media, and to ensure free access to information for the people of Myanmar;
Revitalization of the work of the General Assembly (A/58/L.49/Rev.1)
It was therefore necessary to work together on a plan of action that would define the components of a system-wide framework, including the steps to be taken, the criteria to be met, the resources to be mobilized and, above all, the responsibility to achieve the expected results.
The General Assembly notes that Uzbekistan has made the necessary payment to reduce its arrears below the amount specified in Article 19 of the Charter.
If proceeds of crime have been transformed or converted, in part or in whole, into other property, such property may be the subject of the measures referred to in this article instead of the proceeds of crime.
For the purposes of article [] [Extradition] of this Convention, each State Party shall adopt such measures as may be necessary to establish its jurisdiction over the offences covered by this Convention when the alleged offender is present in its territory and not extradite that person solely on the ground that it is one of its nationals.
(ii) The movement of proceeds of crime or property derived from the commission of such offences;
Rule of confiscated proceeds of crime or property and repatriation to countries of origin or surrender to countries or persons entitled to receive it
Text taken from the proposal submitted by Norway (A/ACL.78).
In addition, the system is quite flexible in that it allows the Registrar to approve additional resources in exceptionally costly cases at level 3, which require an unforeseen increase in workload.
If one of these phases is expected to last for more than 12 months, this phase is itself divided into two phases.
The present draft articles apply to the international responsibility of an international organization for an act that is wrongful under international law.
Lecturer at the Police Academy
The participants were also invited to a hearing by the President of the People's Assembly.
Separation from regulatory functions and operations
The Commission had indeed adopted a budget for its operational period and had taken decisions on several methodological and operational issues.
(e) Common open standards for the exchange and sharing of data and metadata;
Activities not classified by field:
A total of five other Israelis were injured during the attack, claimed by the terrorist organization Hamas.
Adoption of the agenda
[Unless otherwise [express] of the parties,] a contract entered into by a person entering the automated information system of another party has no legal effect or enforceability if the person has erred in a data message and the automated information system has not given the person the opportunity to prevent or correct the error.
They welcomed the conduct of the local campaign of 34 million friends, expressing the hope that it would produce fruitful results in Europe.
Sierra Leone
Journalists and opposition party activists have been arrested by the security forces.
The Committee thus concluded this stage of its consideration of this agenda item.
By its decisions 16 (LVI) and 17 (LVI) of 17 May 1974, the Economic and Social Council authorized the Sub-Commission to establish a five-member working group to consider developments in the field of slavery, the slave trade and slavery, apartheid and colonialism, trafficking in human beings and the exploitation of the prostitution of others, as defined in the Slavery Convention of 1926;
A member of the Board of Trustees of the Voluntary Fund presented a general and financial assessment of the Fund's activities.
Strongly recommends that the Special Rapporteur provide the necessary resources to participate in the twenty-ninth session of the Working Group.
The main challenge is not the creation of new institutions or the appointment of new titles of priest, but to ensure that existing provisions to enforce the law are implemented more effectively.
In addition to the adoption of measures to prevent, combat and disrupt terrorist networks, particular attention must also be given to the objectives and motivations of such groups.
The President: We have heard the last statement in explanation of position.
The priorities for the region of the Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean (ECLAC) have been integrated into the regional implementation framework announced at the World Summit on Sustainable Development in Latin America and the Caribbean.
The Commission on Sustainable Development held its eleventh session on 27 January and 28 April to 9 May 2003, in accordance with Economic and Social Council decision 2001/234.
Elizabeth Seton Federation
I am sure that he will demonstrate diplomatic integrity, dedication and skill as President of the General Assembly.
We therefore urge Iraq to immediately comply with the requirements of the resolution by cooperating fully and unconditionally with UNMOVIC and IAEA.
The Special Rapporteur believes that a right-to-health poverty reduction strategy would, for example, focus on the following aspects: improving access to health services for the poor, including by identifying diseases that particularly affect the poor and introducing programmes, such as immunization designed to reach the poor; and improving the effectiveness of public health interventions for the poor, such as through enhanced environmental protection measures.
If a State has made poverty reduction a major political objective, it must ensure that any new law or policy is compatible with that goal.
Meeting of the least developed countries with their development partners of the United Nations Capital Development Fund (organized by the Permanent Mission of Benin)
In fact, almost 99 per cent of the vehicles with diplomatic registration comply with the Parking Programme, all of which is welcome.
Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee)
Arbitration: progress report of Working Group II.
Health and family planning services for rural women are poor, although 72 per cent of women know how to avoid unwanted pregnancies.
At the conclusion of that workshop, Council members unanimously adopted resolution 1467 (2003), containing in the annex a presidential statement that made recommendations on combating the proliferation of small arms and light weapons and the practice of mercenarism in West Africa.
New Zealand reported that poverty reduction and rural development require good governance.
For a further study of FDI in services, see TD/B/COM.2/EM.14/2.
In this context, the priority has been given to indigenous women to enable them to perform without difficulty the civil registration process.
At this point, however, it is preferable that initiatives be spontaneous and encouraged.
See Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-eighth Session, Supplement No. 44 (A/58/44), para.
The Heads of State or Government stressed the need for developed countries to implement fully and immediately the provisions on specific and particular treatment for products and services exported by developing countries, and those relating to the safeguarding and strengthening of the system of trade preferences.
Such a crime violates human dignity and its perpetrators must be brought before international justice.
Reaffirming that the Buenos Aires Plan of Action for the Promotion and Implementation of Technical Cooperation among Developing Countries remains valid and relevant,
Gordon Pateron Non-Timber Forest Products
Both institutions responded quickly to the needs of the National Reconciliation and Reconstruction Programme established by the Provisional Government at the UNDP emergency round table in May 1999 in Geneva, using their framework plans for post-conflict periods to provide credit to the country.
The compact would have a high-level national steering committee that would exercise political control and monitor the results achieved, as well as an operational support committee comprising representatives of the Government, the United Nations system and major donors.
Representatives of Religious Groups (Christian, Muslim and Traditional)
Compensation is available to “companies and other entities that have suffered direct loss, damage or injury as a result of Iraq's unlawful invasion and occupation of Kuwait”.
/ E2(1) Report, paragraph 98.
In order to cope with price shocks, poor farmers often have to resort to informal mechanisms to compensate for the loss of income, such as the removal of children from school and labour, reduced food consumption and the sale of productive assets.
They are also vulnerable to the increase in domestic violence that is often observed in the post-conflict period.
Governing Council decision 16 provides that “interest will be awarded from the date the loss occurred until the date of payment, at a rate sufficient to compensate the loss caused by the claimant's inability to use the amount of the award”.
An important strategy in this area has been to adopt a rights-based approach to economic issues that focuses on women's right to property, credit, social protection and other economic and social rights.
The elimination of all forms of export subsidies and significant reductions in trade-distorting domestic support measures in the agricultural sector would contribute to the development of developing countries and would greatly contribute to poverty reduction.
In the operative paragraphs, the draft resolution takes note of the reports of the Secretary-General and his Personal Envoy on the situation and humanitarian needs of the Palestinian people.
In particular, we would like to express our gratitude to the co-sponsors of the draft resolution, whose number has increased this year.
With regard to the proportion of vacancies, it was true that it should not improve significantly in view of the progressive reduction of activities.
Any person subject to prosecution for any of the offences to which this article applies shall be guaranteed fair treatment at all stages of the proceedings, including the enjoyment of all rights and guarantees under the domestic law of the State Party in whose territory it is present.
Form on transfers of suspicious funds (annex No. 7).
If criminal activities are carried out outside Papua New Guinea, national courts are not competent to deal with such cases.
Report of the Secretary-General of the International Seabed Authority, submitted in accordance with article 166, paragraph 4, of the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea
He noted with satisfaction that the Special Committee was considering the last session with the same spirit of cooperation and flexibility that had prevailed throughout the negotiation process and stressed that that was the best guarantee of success.
Introduction
Senegal described its programme of action for the elimination of female genital mutilation for the period 2000-2005, as well as its awareness, information and training initiatives to combat other harmful traditional practices, such as early marriage, levirate and sororate.
It is useful for us to have a precise assessment of the institutions in places where the impact of security concerns is most felt.
On 6 August 2002, the President of the Republic of Belarus submitted the draft law on international legal assistance in criminal matters.
The increase in requirements as a result of these factors amounts to $66.8 million, of which $59.1 million is attributable to the depreciation of the United States dollar against several currencies and 7.7 million to the increase in inflation.
The risk of nuclear proliferation in the Middle East
Protocol to Prevent, Suppress and Punish Trafficking in Persons, Especially Women and Children, supplementing the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime.
(a) Cooperation with other United Nations bodies in the field of indigenous issues;
For example, there are more varieties of analgesics in developed countries than anti-malaria drugs under the tropics.
UNHCR and UIP, “Protection of refugees: guide on international refugee law”, Practice Guide for Parliamentarians, 2001.
Furthermore, in view of the close link between the activities of the Counter-Terrorism Committee and the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1267 (1999), my delegation welcomes the reaffirmation by the Council of the need to improve coordination and increase the exchange of information between the two bodies, as set out in resolution 1456 (2003).
It has been demonstrated that international financial networks used by terrorism are similar to those used for drug or arms trafficking.
Tasks of the Panel.
Major efforts have also been made to combat STDs and AIDS.
Among the most important aspects of the programme are the revision of textbooks and programmes, teacher training, education for non-formal children and literacy programmes.
Jha Hari Bansh 1999: Status of Informal Sector Workers: The Other Sede of Economy in Nepal, Kathmandu,
My delegation will actively pursue the implementation of the Ulaanbaatar Declaration and Programme of Action at the regional, national and international levels.
I would also like to express my country's deepest condolences to all those who lost loved ones during the terrorist attacks, including the attack on the United Nations building in Baghdad that killed the Special Representative of the Secretary-General for Iraq, Sergio Vieira de Mello, and a number of his colleagues.
Report of the International Conference on Financing for Development, Monterrey, Mexico, 18-22 March 2002 (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.02.II.A.7), chap. I, resolution 1, annex.
It was so decided.
It seems that we will not achieve many of the goals we have set in time.
[Original: English] [10 September 2003]
Agenda item 126
Significant attention has been given, to the extent possible, to the quantification of indicators and expected outputs in order to facilitate the collection of data to reflect actual accomplishments and outputs in performance reports.
The fifteenth meeting of the Chairpersons of the treaty bodies confirmed the conclusions of the inter-committee meeting and recommended that they be brought to the attention of the respective Committees.
The non-payment by Guinea-Bissau of assessed contributions by the United Nations should be considered in the light of those circumstances; moreover, Guinea-Bissau was lagging behind in the payment of assessed contributions to other organizations, including the African Union.
I should be grateful if you would have the present letter circulated as a document of the Security Council.
The Fund has visited a number of times to assess the needs of the Saharan refugees in terms of child health, education and youth.
We thank the delegations that have extended their cooperation to the Non-Aligned Movement.
Vol. 6, No. 2.
Adoption of the report.
(d) Establish a strengthened monitoring and evaluation regime as envisaged in option 1;
The Madrid Plan of Action no longer emphasizes the approach of social protection, which tends to place too much emphasis on care and benefits to help older persons by excluding them from dialogue on development policy.
CONTENTS (continued)
(h) To cooperate fully with all mechanisms of the Commission on Human Rights, including the Special Rapporteur on the independence of judges and lawyers, the Special Rapporteur on the question of torture, the Special Rapporteur on extrajudicial, summary or arbitrary executions, the Special Rapporteur on the right to freedom of opinion and expression and the Special Rapporteur on freedom of religion or belief, and the Special Representative of the Secretary-General on arbitrary detention,
Urges States to pay particular attention to the situation of vulnerable groups, including through positive measures, in order to ensure the full realization of the right of everyone to the enjoyment of the highest attainable standard of physical and mental health;
Reaffirming the importance of the role of women in conflict prevention and resolution and in peace-building, stressing the importance of their full and equal participation in all efforts aimed at the maintenance and promotion of peace and security, and recognizing that their contribution in this regard is often limited by their lack of full and effective enjoyment of their right to freedom of expression,
]
At the 50th meeting, on 16 April 2003, the representative of Peru introduced draft resolution E/CN.4/2003/L.2, sponsored by Costa Rica, Nicaragua, Peru and Uruguay.
In favour: Armenia, Australia, Austria, Belgium, Brazil, Burkina Faso, Canada, Chile, Costa Rica, Croatia, France, Germany, Guatemala, Ireland, Japan, Mexico, Peru, Poland, Republic of Korea, Russian Federation, Sweden, Thailand, Ukraine, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, United States of America, Uruguay, Venezuela.
Legislative authority: Commission resolutions 2003/44, 2003/56, 2003/57 and 2003/58.
Ibid.
(a) Takes note of the report of the Open-ended Working Group to Review the Objectives and Agenda of the Fourth Special Session of the General Assembly on Disarmament (A/57/848), including the possible establishment of a preparatory committee, and requests that Member States continue their consultations in this regard;
UNMOVIC Joint Inspection Team (biological, chemical and missile)
It collected metal and glass samples, with the Muhammadiyat desert area used to conduct missile tests prior to 1991.
The Committee was informed that the rations estimates did not include the cost of transporting the rations to the vendor's aircraft, which represents an additional cost of $7.2 million.
Convinced that the outcome of the World Summit on Sustainable Development has given fresh impetus to concrete actions, including in the field of water, to achieve the goal of sustainable development,
The Governing Council,
However, especially in light of article 10, it appears that the intention of the drafters of the 1961 Convention was that the members of the INCB were entitled to receive more than the purely symbolic sum of $1 a year.
The situation in Sierra Leone
On 23 June 2003, two Afghan soldiers accompanying coalition elements were injured during a clashes with the forces of Amanullah Khan.
Positive aspects
1, of the Covenant) [fifth session; E/1991/23-E/C.12/1990/8, annex III];
• On 1 October, the day of the official launch of the International Year of Older Persons, AARP presented to the Secretary-General the official posters of the Year.
(d) Provide a wide range of services to prevent the transmission of HIV/AIDS and other infectious diseases associated with drug abuse, including education, counselling and drug treatment services, in particular to assist developing countries in their efforts to address those problems;
In accordance with paragraph 43 of General Assembly resolution 57/116, the Committee resumed its consideration of this item.
The Committee also noted other important initiatives to promote education in space science and technology at the national and regional levels.
With regard to fissile material cut-off, Malaysia supports the mandate of negotiating a non-discriminatory, multilateral and internationally and effectively verifiable treaty banning the production of fissile material for nuclear weapons or other nuclear explosive devices.
To be held on Friday, 12 December 2003, at 1.35 p.m.
(a) Pensions for family members
It was noted that exchanges of experiences in this area were beneficial to countries.
Security bodies are subject to general control and the risk of torture is limited to Punjab, a small region.
(d) It will provide information on how communications from the Division for the Advancement of Women can be handled by other mechanisms and mechanisms of the United Nations system that would be in a position to respond effectively.
A balance of approximately $2 billion was therefore not available for the approval of additional applications, as this amount was allocated to oil and special allowances.
Twenty-five heertzian liaison terminals, designed to create 4,800 additional long-range telephone lines to the governorates of Baghdad, Babyone, Qadisiyah, Muthanna, Dhi-Qar and Basra, were delivered between July and September 2002.
Since 1989, President of the African Network on Prevention and Protection from Child Abuse and Neglect (APRAPPANE) (Kenya Section).
The construction of a new terminal at Beef Island airport, known as the International Airport T.B. Lettsome, was completed in 2002.
For the United Kingdom, the will of the peoples of the Territories, exercised in accordance with the principles of the Charter of the United Nations and other international treaties, was of paramount importance.
The United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights can play an important supporting role in this regard.
We welcome the Secretary-General's recent decision to appoint Mr. Fall as his current position so that he will continue the actions related to the international conference.
My delegation commends Mr. Ibrahima Fall for his tireless efforts to ensure the holding and success of this conference.
Indeed, the route of the wall has been designed specifically to cover as many illegal Israeli settlements and water resources as possible in the Occupied Palestinian Territory, on its west side.
[keywords: arbitrators; writing; form requirements; place of arbitration; proceedings; arbitral awards; reasoned awards; signatures]
Busé, M., (2003), op. cit.
I will need the cooperation of all members.
The World Bank Trust Fund Programme (WB) increased from $4.38 billion in 2001 to $5.34 billion in 2001, an increase of 22 per cent.
Although complementary resources are sometimes used to finance the core functions and structures of some agencies, their role is often limited to funding specific activities of certain programmes, so that they are used in specific circumstances and for specific purposes.
The composition and technical skills of each team are tailored to the specific needs and capacities of the subregions and regions in which they are located.
Mr. Kim San-hoon (Republic of Korea): My delegation applauds the efforts of the United Nations programmes, funds and agencies that offer and coordinate humanitarian assistance throughout the world.
The Executive Board accepted the following programme for future sessions in 2003:
The Director-General
Recalling further the recommendation of the World Conference on Human Rights to increase resources for the strengthening of regional arrangements for the promotion and protection of human rights within the framework of the technical cooperation programme in the field of human rights of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights,
Statement by the group of African States at the second meeting of the Open-ended Working Group of the Parties to the Basel Convention
Norway
The United Nations Information Service in Vienna offers the same support to the Director-General of the United Nations Office at Vienna, the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime, the International Narcotics Control Board, the Office for Outer Space Affairs and the International Trade Law Branch.
Conservation and archiving of United Nations audio-visual products and audio-visual services; and operation, management and maintenance of studios and television and radio facilities;
20.57 During the biennium, the following outputs will be delivered:
It was also felt that “In cooperation with ACC, executive heads should give an example and encourage genuine teamwork among the secretariats of the organizations”. It was to see how ACC and its successor CEB had translated that perspective into the field of information dissemination and what had been done at that level to give the impression that the membership of CEB, symbolizing the United Nations system's unity.
The Committee strongly believes that the mechanisms available under the Optional Protocol would strengthen the independence of the judiciary and support its perception of discrimination against women.
(5) The High Court shall, without prejudice to its authority under this article, have the power to impose in its order to freeze property the conditions it deems appropriate, to take steps to remove such property or to a specified part of such property the financing of any or part of the following:
Detailed information on transport, communications and other essential services is contained in the working paper prepared by the Secretariat in 2001 (A/AC.109/2001/11).
The islands now have 660 kilometres of roads, of which 10 per cent are coating.
Recommendation 445 91
Chiyoda states that it received the first payment in June 1990, representing payments for work performed from 31 August 1989 to 31 May 1990.
These canals would normally have been inspected by and made available to it.
With regard to the first question, it appears that the situation is as follows.
The experts of the treaty bodies should be given adequate fees, in particular to ensure that they are genuinely independent.
One of the most important steps taken by the Security Council that has given a new pace to the Committee's work has been the establishment of the expert group by resolution 1425 (2002).
A/48/486-S/26560, annex.
According to the Israel Defense Forces, more than 400 first instance opposition and 15 appeals to the High Court have been filed on behalf of entire families or villages.
Follow-up to the outcome of the Millennium Summit
Malaysia believes that Member States must conduct their international relations in accordance with the principles and norms of international law.
In the area of disarmament and non-proliferation, Japan, the only nation that has experienced the enormous tragedies caused by nuclear weapons, is making tireless and resolute diplomatic efforts to build a peaceful and secure world free of nuclear weapons, through a realistic and gradual strategy.
Discussions are under way on the nature of the residual United Nations presence in Sierra Leone following the departure of UNAMSIL.
Constitutional reform
UNIFEM and many gender equality advocates have promoted gender mainstreaming as a strategy well before the use of this terminology.
The Panel's investigation into the diversion of public funds revealed that former President Charles Taylor was diverting revenues and assets from the Government of Liberia and continues to do so.
The modelling/preparation of the meteoroid tests is ongoing with the Institute of Radiological Mechanics and the calculation of ephemerals: the objective is to provide a means of predicting the timing and intensity of the meteor test.
Further work is needed to define stable and economically profitable disposal orbits.
In addition, the Division will provide, to the extent possible, the Organization's graphic design requirements with the visual component playing a leading role in the effective communication of the United Nations message.
Chapter Page
At its seventy-eighth session, the Committee agreed to send reminders to States parties whose reports were very overdue and to issue a press release on the matter.
Furthermore, the author was unable to avail himself of any effective remedy to challenge the decision of the executive branch to terminate his functions”.
The Committee considered that “such a system, including the State party could not justify the need for any of the limiting purposes listed in articles 18 and 19, [re] freedom of expression and expression of conviction on the basis of the discriminatory criterion of political opinion and thus violated article 18, paragraph 1, and article 19, paragraph 1, read together with article 26”.
Ms. Christine CHANET** France
The situation between Iraq and Kuwait.
At the Third World Water Forum, held in Kyoto, Japan, in March 2003, the Office of the High Representative for the Least Developed Countries, Landlocked Developing Countries and Small Island Developing States demonstrated that it was crucial to address water problems in LDCs in a report entitled “Critical importance of water issues for LDCs”.
Figures 6A and 6B compare the number of international consultants as at 31 May 2001 and 31 May 2003.
In section I.H of its resolution 44/198 of 21 December 1989, the General Assembly approved the establishment of a minimum net salary by staff in the Professional and higher categories, by reference to net base salaries, for staff in comparable positions in the comparator civil service (the United States federal civil service) in Washington.
However, in areas where the above-mentioned costs are incurred in certain currencies, the maximum amount of admissible expenses expressed in those currencies is determined by the International Civil Service Commission.
Para.
Official communiqué of the 4763rd (closed) meeting of the Security Council
The best practice guides address a range of key issues, including national marketing systems, national manufacturing, export control and import policies, national control of brokering activities, national procedures for the management and security of arms stockpiles, definition of surplus indicators, destruction techniques and procedures and indices for small arms and light weapons as part of disarmament, demobilization and reintegration.
Activities are closely coordinated with other parts of the organization and focus on innovative approaches and technical expertise that are not yet available through ongoing technical cooperation projects of UN-HABITAT.
The recent surge in fighting in Monrovia has further aggravated the situation, with the displacement and refugees subjected to repeated violence and most of the urban population becoming vulnerable.
Incitement or coercion against the prostitution of a minor (under the age of 18) or the provision of premises for minors for the purpose of prostitution are punishable by imprisonment of up to six years, without prejudice to the possible seizure of property.
If the name of the person is not mentioned in the lease, the following persons shall have the right to be registered at the address of the apartment provided that the person is informed of the name: a person whose right to reside has been established by a court judgement; a minor (including an adoptive child) whose parents have rented the dwelling; and the guardian or administrator of a member of the tenant family.
Several hundred people have been expelled from their homes, there have been several deaths, and houses have been looted and burned.
We also recognize the valuable contribution made to this process by the Peace Monitoring Group and would like to know what the Political Office intends to replace the Panel after its withdrawal in late June.
Calls upon Member States to continue to cooperate in the multilateral review of existing or potential risks in the field of information security, as well as possible measures to limit such risks, taking into account the need to preserve the free flow of information;
Evaluations are conducted regularly to ensure that UNITAR programmes meet well-defined training and capacity-building needs.
He also stressed the importance of article 4, which was consistent with the basic principles of international law, to protect countries from arbitrary acts.
Agenda item 6
According to Malaysia, poverty had become a comprehensive problem, requiring the attention of all Member States.
Similarly, in 2001, Latin America and the Caribbean reached a third position in 2002, with 19 per cent ($1.4 billion), followed by the Arab States (17 per cent), global and interregional activities (9 per cent, $678 million) and Europe and the Commonwealth of Independent States (6.6 per cent), or $483 million).
A total of $1.5 billion was spent on regional, interregional and global activities: Arab States (regional activities, $447 million), global activities ($350,000,000), Africa (regional activities, $252 million), interregional cooperation ($241 million), Asia and the Pacific (regional activities, $211 million).
Approves the intentions and plans of the Scientific Committee for the continuation of its scientific review and evaluation activities on behalf of the General Assembly;
The current role and responsibilities of the Political Office demonstrate the urgent need to hold the meeting on phase III between the parties to the Bougainville Peace Agreement and to implement its outcomes.
In addition, they consider it to be a system of law and justice — a police force system — that is also based on the traditions and cultural experience of Bougainville.
E. Guatemala
The United Nations has made significant progress in terms of organizational and substance reforms.
The most urgent issue was the need for UNCTAD to obtain additional resources to effectively implement its mandates, in particular technical cooperation activities related to policy analysis, human resources development and institutional capacity-building.
He wondered why Israel was alone in saying that yesterday's victim was entitled to turn today into torture, a role that Israel assumed daily against the Palestinian people.
7/COP.6 Consideration of additional procedures or institutional mechanisms to assist the Conference of the Parties in regularly reviewing the implementation of the Convention
There are many strategies that could be implemented, but we strongly expect to launch a movement that we, both men and women in culture, are able to make effective because we know the seriousness of the problems and are ready to put our knowledge and skills into the service of a new environmental conscience.
The Committee thus concluded its consideration of agenda item 95.
Resolution 34/180, annex.
Administrative Division
Working paper on the analysis of the preparatory work on article 6 of the Convention and the Committee's jurisprudence on prostitution and trafficking in women, based on its findings (CEDAW/C/2003/II/WP.2)
Having received, in accordance with article 38 of the Provisional Rules for Claims Procedure (“the Rules”), the report and recommendations of the “D2” panel of Commissioners concerning part one of the sixteenth instalment of individual claims for damages above USD 100,000 (category “D” claims), covering 332 claims, /
Comprehensive and Integral International Convention on the Promotion and Protection of the Rights and Dignity of Persons with Disabilities
The Monterrey Consensus and the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation reaffirm all these and other goals.
In order to provide quality education and in line with the Government's comprehensive approach to education, a plan has been developed to ensure early childhood education for all before the end of this decade.
Mr. Zhang Yishan (China) (spoke in Chinese): First of all, I would like to thank the Secretary-General for his comprehensive report on global partnerships (A/58/227).
(i) Of all the common services of the VIC, the Buildings Management Service, managed by UNIDO, is perhaps the most complex and disproportionate to UNIDO.
The common library services have almost always been without a joint management advisory committee that could have addressed the above-mentioned issues and propose solutions.
Chairman's text
(a) In the context of subregional and regional infrastructure development programmes, high priority should be given to transit corridors linking landlocked developing countries to the network of transit developing countries and the regional network;
(d) Promotion and implementation, where appropriate, of privatization programmes in the transport sector;
A/58/23 (Part II), chap.
(ii) Determination of the vulnerability or resilience of the “natural-social” system;
Thus, it is possible to design and implement useful burdens specifically designed to solve local problems.
Documentation
It is noted that when they have children, women tend to reduce their working time outside the home of one and a half a week, while fathers do not reduce their working time.
The Labour Act regulates and provides for reduced working time.
Retirement pensions
(g) Five national teams of experts have been established: dentists, public health, mental health, tuberculosis and the development of national health sector accounting in the Republic of Serbia;
In order to give full effect to the laws and regulations on equal access and the obligation of all children of school age to attend primary school, the Serbian Ministry of Education and Sports has begun to introduce a series of long-term and short-term measures, which include: the collection and analysis of basic information on different groups, as part of the ongoing reform of the educational system;
I invite him to take a seat at the Council table and to make his statement.
We welcome the entry into force of the Optional Protocol to the Convention on the Rights of the Child on the Involvement of Children in Armed Conflict, which prohibits the conscription and participation of children under the age of 18 in hostilities.
It is clear that transnational corporations are important investment agents.
Complaints from indigenous peoples may also be directed to the General Office for the Defence of the Rights and Interests of Indigenous Peoples, a body established in August 1991 within the framework of the Public Prosecutor's Office to receive and investigate complaints of violations of the rights of indigenous people and their communities, to analyse them and submit them to the competent authorities.
Following consultations among members of the Security Council, I have been authorized to make the following statement on behalf of the Council:
They should be incorporated in a copy of the record and sent under the signature of a member of the delegation concerned to the Chief of the Verbatim Reporting Service, room C-154A.
In accordance with article 194 of the Constitution, the functions and responsibilities of the Prosecutor for the defence of human rights are as follows:
At its fifty-ninth session, the Commission on Human Rights adopted resolution 2003/5, entitled “Human rights in the occupied Syrian Golan”.
At the beginning of the draft resolution, replace “The Economic and Social Council” with “the Commission on the Status of Women”.
United Nations information centres and services and United Nations offices have provided logistical assistance and support and advertising visits to United Nations staff, including several special rapporteurs and the High Commissioner for Human Rights.
6 January 2003
Pending consideration of the results of the pilot project, consideration would be given to the delegation of limited recruitment powers (to posts up to a certain level) for specific cases.
Finally, the Committee requested its members to actively assist Governments in the preparation of national inventories and action plans and to participate in the preparation of the report to be submitted by the Secretary-General to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session on the implementation of resolution 57/165, in particular the provisions of paragraph 3.
The credibility of their activities has become even more important in the current political context.
Accordingly, Parties engaged in consultations with the latter before setting specific policies in this sector.
The claimant also provided documentary evidence of the amount paid, including a copy of a cheque.
Such unilateral measures could also adversely affect the efforts of other States to combat illicit drug crops and production and trafficking and abuse.
Draft resolution A/C.5/58/L.16 was adopted.
In this regard, we would like to express our deep gratitude to the Governments of the United States and European Union countries — in particular France and Germany — and to other donors that have taken the necessary steps to provide financial support to the Fund.
In addition to its development cooperation programmes with its partner countries, we have also funded support in the areas of microfinancing and disease insurance at the local level.
It has also supported the Government's efforts by providing advisory services and technical assistance in various areas (e.g. small arms and light weapons in circulation, demobilization, justice and security sector reform, etc.).
However, Pakistan indicated in its supplementary report that an exception is provided for in paragraph 2 (a) of section 5 of the Extradition Act of 1972 for political offences, but that, in order for it to be applicable, an authority must ensure that the request for surrender of the person sought is in fact intended to obtain a judgement or punishment on the basis of a political offence.
In this regard, my delegation encourages continued actions by UNMIK and KFOR.
The total amount indicated in the consolidated statement was lower than the balance of the contingency fund.
Recommendations of the Fifth Committee
The General Assembly, having considered the statement submitted by the Secretary-General in accordance with rule 153 of the rules of procedure of the General Assembly concerning the programme budget implications of draft resolution A/C.3/57/L.16/Rev.1, on the future activities of the International Research and Training Institute for the Advancement of Women, and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions:
Their substantive interactions are also facilitated by various forms of subregional presence for three of them: ECA, ESCAP and ECLAC.
In some countries, including Nigeria and Algeria, the increase in the budget deficit is due to the increase in government expenditure to influence the choice of voters and increase the likelihood of re-election.
Strongly condemns all forms of domestic violence against women and girls and, in this regard, calls for the elimination of all forms of gender-based violence in the family, including when condoned by the State;
In this regard, the Committee believes that closer cooperation should be established, inter alia, between its mandate and that of the Special Rapporteur on racism.
Recalling that in his report on strengthening the United Nations: an agenda for further change (A/57/387 and Corr.1), the Secretary-General emphasized the importance of continuing efforts to modernize the human rights treaty system, and that in its resolution 57/300, the General Assembly stressed the need to simplify reporting procedures,
IDB Inter-American Development Bank
The Office of Women's Affairs will be responsible for mobilizing women's associations to identify actions to be taken when the Strategy is being implemented.
Urges the specialized agencies and other organizations and programmes of the United Nations system to cooperate with the Secretary-General in undertaking, maintaining and enhancing consultations and programmes with the Pacific Islands Forum and its associated institutions for the achievement of their objectives;
Decides to include in the agenda of its fifty-ninth session the sub-item entitled “Cooperation between the United Nations and the Pacific Islands Forum”.
Particular attention will be given to six regions, whose populations are more affected.
Under article 214 of the Organic Law on Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances, the entities regulated by the General Act on Insurance and Reinsurance Companies and the Law on Capital Markets are required to work with the Government to monitor and monitor the use of money or other property alleged to have come, directly or indirectly, from the commission of offences covered by the law or related activities.
The Department of Peacekeeping Operations and the Department of Management will continue to coordinate their activities so that the procurement of strategic equipment will be fully completed before the end of the current period.
Press articles and independent observers welcomed the peaceful nature of the 2001 demonstrations and denounced the excessive response of Vietnamese authorities.
Transnational corporations and other enterprises shall ensure equal opportunities and treatment in accordance with relevant international instruments, national legislation and international human rights law, with a view to eliminating discrimination on the basis of race, colour, sex, language, religion, political opinion, nationality of origin, social origin, social status, self-esteem, disability, age - except for children who are not able to respond to discrimination.
Further information is contained in the present report.
In addition, child benefits are no longer covered, allowances have been increased and promotion in old and new Länder has been brought into line.
(g) To have access to agricultural credit and loans, marketing services and appropriate technologies, and to receive equal treatment in land and agrarian reforms and rural development projects;
In particular, they recognize women's equal rights with regard to the conclusion of contracts and the administration of property and give them the same treatment at all stages of the judicial process.
- Fiscal support to cover childcare needs and costs associated with the care of children in paid employment (Hesse);
With double standards, the Security Council allows Israel to continue to act outside international legality as if it enjoyed complete impunity.
• What are the modalities for the implementation of article 1 (f) of the 1951 Convention relating to the Status of Refugees (referred to in paragraph 2 (c) of the report)?
CCW/AP.II/CONF.9/SR.#-8/Corrigendum/Corrigendum
All of these issues should be reconsidered in the light of the provisions of the Vienna Convention, the practice of treaty bodies and State practice.
Report of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights and the World Conference on Human Rights on Human Rights
Annex to the letter dated 12 March 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Uganda to the United Nations addressed to the President of the Security Council
The Executive Secretary will report on recent activities of the Committee in his statement to the First Committee of the General Assembly.
Any increase in the category of permanent members is in fact a restructuring of the fabric and nature of all international relations.
Peru attaches great importance to the strict observance of such an obligation by the nuclear-weapon States.
Informal consultations on a draft resolution under agenda item 105 (Implementation of the outcome of the World Summit for Social Development and of the twenty-fourth special session of the General Assembly), organized by the Permanent Mission of Brazil, will be held on Friday, 10 October 2003, from 3 to 6 p.m. in Conference Room 8.
Draft resolutions on human resources development (A/C.2/58/L.5 and L.56)
The Chairman announced that the following countries had joined in sponsoring draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.59: Bulgaria; Croatia; Fiji; Mexico; Nauru; Papua New Guinea; Romania; Turkey; Ukraine; European Union and acceding countries (Cyprus, Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Malta, Poland, Slovakia and Slovenia).
This brings the total number of judgements that the Tribunal has rendered since the trials began in 1997.
On 10 March 2003, the Prosecutor announced his first indictments, including those of Foday Sankoh, Chief of the Revolutionary United Front, and Hinga Norman, Minister of Sierra Leone.
Having received the annual report of the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons for 2001 on the implementation of the Convention on the Prohibition of the Development, Production, Stockpiling and Use of Chemical Weapons and on Their Destruction,
Most stressed that this had been facilitated by the effective coordination of OCHA during the emergency phase, which had been built by other factors, including the leadership of the United Nations Resident Coordinator, and the difficulties and difficulties that all concerned had encountered at the outset and had led them to help each other.
In June 1999, the General Assembly of the Organization of American States (OAS) took a decisive step in adopting the Inter-American Convention on Transparency in Conventional Weapons Acquisitions, which established a legally binding mechanism to strengthen regional stability through the establishment of a climate of confidence and transparency.
“Nil” report
Since 1972, New Zealand has supported the development of a comprehensive international regime to outlaw terrorism.
Do we run the risk of countries providing nuclear weapons to terrorist organizations?
UNDP supports these efforts by providing funds and providing technical advice.
Developed LDC partner countries needed to expand their market access for their exports, but also to strengthen international cooperation to address the adverse economic effects of the terms of trade in many LDCs.
He thanked those States that had contributed to the UNCITRAL Trust Fund for symposia and the trust fund for the provision of travel assistance to developing countries members of UNCITRAL.
Information and communication strategy and knowledge-sharing
Section 13(2) of the Act empowers the competent authority to order the confiscation of any foreign currency, securities or other capital or property that has resulted in an offence.
A copy of the text of the notification is attached.
Two countries (Croatia and Oman) and an intergovernmental organization (Council of Europe) sent responses to restorative justice.
The withdrawal has removed a number of opportunities for duplication.
It is a region where weapons are acquired at the rate of 10 to 15 million a year and where the threat of the use of force is brought to light.
A non-civilizens may enjoy greater protection under the Convention on the Rights of the Child, article 2 of which provides guarantees to make every child “without in the jurisdiction” of a State party.
In the long term, we must address the underlying causes and socio-economic factors that contribute to terrorism.
Delegations may wish to consider the possibility of making comments on the questions posed in chapter 3 of the report concerning the diplomatic protection of crew of a ship by the flag State and the diplomatic protection of nationals employed by an international intergovernmental organization.
Contributions under regulation 5.2 from States Parties, international organizations and the International Seabed Authority, miscellaneous income and advances made from the Working Capital Fund to meet administrative expenses shall be credited to the General Fund.
Contents
Bank of International Settlements, Quarterly Report, June 2003, Basel, Switzerland, 2 June 2003, p. 29.
Another claimant, which operated a hotel in Iraq under a long-term gay agreement, seeks compensation for the management services provided in July 1990, for which it was not paid.
These included employees who were held hostage in Iraq or who remained in Kuwait and Israel but were not in a position to engage in productive activities, an employee who was on vacation abroad when Iraq invaded Kuwait and was unable to return, and others who were evacuated from Kuwait, Iraq and Al Khafji (Saudi Arabia).
Recalling its resolution 57/159 of 16 December 2002 and all its previous resolutions on assistance in mine clearance and mine action, all adopted without a vote,
(d) The report of the CRIC on its first session (document ICCD/CRIC(1)/10) and its conclusions and recommendations.
If I hear no objection, it is so decided.
Urges Governments to continue to support non-governmental organizations and other organizations, including organizations of persons with disabilities, that contribute to the implementation of the World Programme of Action concerning Disabled Persons;
Need for annual work plans and performance criteria
For example, an investigation is automatically opened to locate the alleged perpetrators of the crime, collect evidence and make them available to the judicial authorities.
The same provisions apply in case of adoption, reception or permanent reception of minors under the age of 6 or disabled or disabled persons.
Asante Technologies, Inc. v. PMC-Sierra, Inc. v.
Once again, my Government wishes to thank the heads of the two inspection teams for their efforts and to commend them for the work done by the teams they are conducting.
Despite that, today's meeting is of particular importance.
On the basis of the proposals to be submitted, the secretariat will prepare the list of qualified pre-qualified candidates and facilitate the consideration of relevant proposals by the steering group;
Their proportion outside the country is lower; there are only 12 overseas ambassadors.
Since the registration changes the legal status of the parties, she asked whether registration was general and whether information was available on unregistered situations.
Calls upon the relevant United Nations organizations, including the United Nations University, the United Nations Institute for Training and Research and the Staff College itself, to work closely together for this purpose;
The Committee was informed that subsequent transfers and reclassifications should result in the placement of a P-4 legal officer at the head of the secretariat of each of the six sections of the Trial Chambers, who are currently headed by a P-3 legal officer.
(e) The SBSTA noted that, in order to validate climate models by comparing with observation data, the analysis should also take into account factors other than greenhouse gases covered by the Convention and the Kyoto Protocol that have an impact on the global climate;
Decision 1/CP.8
(b) United Nations/Thailand Workshop on the contribution of space communication technologies to bridging the digital divide, to be held in Thailand from 1 to 5 September 2003;
The OTEF has always been active in these meetings, where it supports the principles and ideas that guide the work of the United Nations and all peace-loving, justice and solidarity-loving organizations and associations in the world, both within and outside their respective countries.
The submission of initial reports by all Member States deserves our attention.
Given the important tasks ahead, it is essential that the Committee continue to rely on the support and cooperation of Member States and the wider international community, as has been the case so far.
As long as incitement to hatred and violence is not addressed, it will not be possible to escape the reign of terror and violence to move towards dialogue and build a better future.
- Any person who commits an act of aggression whose gravity does not reach that of the acts referred to in the preceding articles shall be liable to imprisonment for not more than three months or to a fine not exceeding 300 rupe, or either of them (article 163).
Article 8 of the Law stipulates that marriage is concluded when the legal representative of the future wife expresses the consent of the wife.
The return of assets pursuant to this chapter is a fundamental principle of this Convention, and States Parties agree to the widest cooperation and assistance in this regard.
At a subsequent conference of the High Contracting Parties, it was decided that States Parties would complement their reports with additional information on demining to be provided for the United Nations database.
WFP provides food to new food distribution centres through UNICEF-supported food distribution centres.
Positive aspects
Draft resolution submitted by the Vice-Chairman of the Committee, Ms. Ulrika Cronenberg-Mossberg (Sweden), on the basis of informal consultations held on draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.4
As a general rule, it will not be scheduled for more than one such activity in parallel with the plenary meetings, which should be announced in plenary meeting and by a bulletin in front of the conference room at least three days in advance.
The memorandum was signed within the framework of the Stability Pact and aims to establish an integrated regional electricity market in South-Eastern Europe by 2005 and to promote its integration into the European Union's domestic electricity market.
The meeting was the second meeting of the Ad Hoc Advisory Group on the Transit Transport System of the Lao People's Democratic Republic, which was also part of the preparatory process for the Ministerial Conference.
Documentation
This request is a civil remedy that can help the Government of Estonia to freeze the funds of terrorists.
Strengthening the technologies used to exchange information and resources for investigations.
Taking into account the extremely fragile economies of the small island Non-Self-Governing Territories and their vulnerability to natural disasters, such as hurricanes, cyclones and sea-level rise, and recalling its relevant resolutions,
Agenda item 4
Calls upon Governments and all other relevant actors to continue to mainstream a gender perspective in the implementation of the recommendations and follow-up to recent United Nations conferences, summits and special sessions, as well as in future relevant reports;
On 25 July, the Council adopted a presidential statement (S/PRST/2003/12) endorsing the recommendations contained in the reports of the two missions (S/2003/653 and S/2003/688), which were within its purview.
[on the report of the Fifth Committee (A/57/603/Add.1)]
At the Fifth WTO Ministerial Conference, held in Cancún, Mexico, the Special Rapporteur participated in a round table on human rights and the WTO programme sponsored by Rights and Democracy (Montreal) and organization 3D-commerce, human rights and equitable economy (Geneva).
Human Rights Watch has attached great importance to the work of the ad hoc international tribunals for the former Yugoslavia (ICTY) and Rwanda (ICTR).
Furthermore, individuals, like families, have the right to adequate housing without distinction as to age, economic status, group or other entities or social status and other factors of this nature.
With regard to the exercise of cultural rights under article 27, the Committee observes that culture can take many forms, including by a certain way of life associated with the use of natural resources, particularly in the case of indigenous peoples.
This right implies that women's ability to own property, enter into a contract and exercise other civil rights cannot be restricted because of their marital status or other discriminatory grounds.
The international community and the Organization have played a leading role in making the country a State.
According to the 2000 census, Bermuda's inhabitants are better educated than in 1991, 20 per cent of them holding university degrees.
In March 2002, the Comptroller General and the Police launched investigations into suspected cases of corruption within the Central Bank.
Fifty-eighth Session, Supplement No. 17, A/58/17, para.
The Committee will continue to implement the mandate entrusted to it by the Security Council.
New or ongoing activities to reduce and/or eliminate releases of persistent organic pollutants had been reported in 59 countries.
Welcoming the increase in voluntary contributions from donors to the United Nations Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Fund, which allows the Centre for International Crime Prevention of the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime to implement more technical assistance projects,
United Nations standards and norms in crime prevention and criminal justice should be easily consulted and explained in understandable language.
Some delegations provided additional information on measures taken by the Government to enable victims of trafficking to remain in destination countries, including through the application of special visa rules.
A note by the Secretariat on the status of preparedness of documentation will be issued as document A/C.5/58/L.1.
His delegation agreed with the Secretary-General's comprehensive analysis and review of the overall humanitarian situation in 2002-2003.
United Nations
(c) Reiterates that the return of persons deemed to be in need of international protection must be carried out in a humane manner and in full respect of dignity and that force, if necessary, must be adapted and implemented in a manner consistent with human rights; and emphasizes that in all interventions concerning children, the best interests of the child is a primary criterion;
Delegates are kindly requested to bring their copies of documents to meetings.
By decision 2/COP.1, the COP, at its first session, adopted the financial rules of the COP, its subsidiary bodies and the secretariat of the Convention.
See also the UNIDROIT Convention on International Finance, article 3 (1) (a) (www.unidroit.org/english/conventions/c-leas.htm) and the UNIDROIT Convention on International Factoring, article 2 (1) (a) (www.unidroit.org/english/conventions/c-fact.htm).
In December 1999 the provisions on special family leave were amended to eliminate the discriminatory nature of the definition of family ties on the paternal side and on the maternal side.
During the economic crisis in 1998, women's participation in the economy had fallen to 47.0 per cent, and their unemployment rate stood at 5.6 per cent.
Expresses its full support and appreciation for the work of the Special Rapporteur of the Commission on Human Rights on contemporary forms of racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance, and encourages it to continue its work;
In preparation for the forty-eighth session of the Commission on the Status of Women (1-12 March 2004), delegations are invited to propose names of experts to participate in the two round tables on the following thematic issues for consideration by the Commission: (a) Equal participation of women in conflict prevention, management and resolution and post-conflict peacebuilding; and (b) The role of men and boys in gender equality.
Urges States to take the necessary measures to address the needs of orphans by implementing national policies and strategies to create and strengthen the capacities of the Government, families and communities to create favourable conditions for orphans and young people living with HIV/AIDS, including by providing appropriate counselling and psychosocial support services, ensuring that they are in school and enjoy adequate shelter, nutrition and other services;
The President: The General Assembly has thus concluded this stage of its consideration of agenda item 93.
It is our duty to find answers to these questions if we truly aspire to the achievement of the Millennium Development Goals.
He hoped that similar attention would be given to the International Conference on Barbados+10 to be held in Mauritius in 2004.
With regard to absorptive capacity, his group had clearly expressed its opinion during the Working Group's session.
Having considered the report of the Commissioner-General of the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East for the period from 1 July 2002 to 30 June 2003, the report of the Working Group on the Financing of the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East, the letter dated 25 September 2003 from the Chairman of the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East to the Commissioner-General,
Expresses concern at the delay experienced by the Secretary-General in deploying and providing adequate resources to some recent peacekeeping missions, in particular those in Africa;
Documentation
Invites the secretariat to assist in the preparation of the study, the preparation of seminars and other activities suggested in the programme of work;
Other topics
Emphasizing the importance of national capacity-building in developing countries to enhance cooperation between the public sector, the private sector and academia,
I should be grateful if you would have the present letter circulated as a document of the Security Council.
Nicaragua had recently launched a national development plan that included a development strategy based on the country's opportunities and needs.
In this regard, the United Nations Register of Arms plays an extremely important role.
f International Monetary Fund, Global Economic Outlook database, April 2003.
Since the establishment of the FIU, 450 suspicious transaction reports have been analysed and supplemented.
If the citizens of some Commonwealth countries and those of the countries with which the Bahamas has concluded visa removal agreements can enter the Bahamas without a visa, immigration officials may ultimately decide to prohibit entry into the territory to persons who, according to them, have no legitimate reason to enter the Bahamas.
Commission on Population and Development
In general, local leaders have supported reproductive health and gender equality efforts.
The office has invented all equipment and, whenever necessary, has ascertained that it operates normally.
The following members were elected by acclamation:
Privileges and immunities
UNHCR, together with ILO, has also revised its microfinance policy for refugees and has finalized a joint training manual on microfinance in Conflict-Affected Communities (Introduction to Microfinance in Conflict-Affected Communities).
At its 1st and 2nd meetings, on 5 May and 9 June, the Committee elected by acclamation the following officers for the forty-third session:
The Committee recommended that the Board include in its annual report on inter-agency cooperation in the field of management information on coordination and cooperation in the field of human resources and finance.
A/58/6 (Sect.
In May 2000, the Government decided to establish a National Council for Gender Policy in the Council of Ministers.
(5) The right to fair remuneration for work in accordance with its quantity, quality and importance to society, but not less than a level that guarantees workers and their families a decent and uncompromising existence;
• Mothers registered with a medical institution before the 12th month of pregnancy;
(Signed) R.
Requests the Working Group to give the greatest attention to the cases of children who are victims of enforced disappearances and children of disappeared parents and to cooperate closely with the Governments concerned in tracing and identifying those children;
Calls upon Member States to comply with their obligations as States parties to international instruments in areas such as arms limitation, non-proliferation and disarmament and to strengthen their international verification instruments;
Review of the request for conversion of the International Civil Defence Organization, an intergovernmental organization in consultative status with the Economic and Social Council, into a specialized agency of the United Nations system
By its resolution 57/72, the General Assembly decided to convene the first such meetings in New York in July 2003.
The nine recommendations included research on the basis of international agreements on practical responses to global arms and drug trafficking, as well as other areas related to the prevention of violence, such as the promotion of primary prevention measures and research funding.
Action Plan of the Counter-Terrorism Committee on the follow-up to the meeting
Annex to the letter dated 3 December 2003 from the Secretary-General of the World Tourism Organization addressed to the Chairman of the Second Committee
Line B symbolizes the sharing line beyond which the Prosecutor determines that the main perpetrators will be found.
In order to meet these high requirements, at a minimum cost, a system at two levels has been established.
Given the extremely high cost of temporary interpreters, it would be reasonable to choose for the recruitment of nine interpreters.
Opinions on the submission process
The State party should also indicate whether laws favourable to women are effectively implemented, how the courts deal with violence and discrimination in general and whether women enjoy equal access to the courts.
Luxembourg does not exploit border workers, who enjoy the same rights as citizens of Luxembourg, particularly with regard to remuneration and benefits (including family allowances).
In particular, each State Party shall endeavour to implement, within its own institutional and legal systems, codes or standards of conduct for the correct, honourable and proper performance of public functions.
The greatest crime that Israel continues to commit is the expansion of its settlements and the construction of a racist separation wall, which once it is completed, will reveal half of the Palestinian territories in the West Bank.
At the fragile will of the Government of Israel and the Palestinian Authority, we must add the positions that are openly contrary to peace adopted by extremist groups in both sides.
Israel must halt any settlement activity and halt the construction of the security wall.
The system includes a “week team”, occupying the room from 8.30 a.m. to 1.30 p.m. and another, on the afternoon, which meets until 7 p.m.
The United Nations was established on the basis of the sovereign equality of States.
The team then entered the Canal Hotel in Baghdad.
Agenda item 98
As in the past, the Secretary-General and senior officials have worked to educate and implement the two instruments.
Some delegations were of the view that, in order to address the issues raised by developments in outer space activities, a comprehensive universal convention on space law, which would enhance the legal meaning of the item on the status and implementation of the five United Nations treaties on outer space.
Requests the Global Environment Facility:
Efforts must also be made to supplement the Library's books and magazines in different languages.
In this regard, it reiterates that the United Nations should remain seized of the question of Palestine, in all its aspects, until it is resolved in a satisfactory manner, in accordance with the relevant resolutions and in accordance with international law, until the Palestinian people can fully exercise its inalienable rights.
Our goal was — and is always — to restore the capacity of the Palestinians themselves to meet their needs, not to create a dependency situation.
Noting that the Code of Conduct for Responsible Fisheries of the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (“the Code”) and associated international plans of action contain global principles and standards of responsible conduct for the conservation, management and exploitation of fisheries, including guidelines for fishing on the high seas and in areas under the national jurisdiction of other States, as well as the selectivity of fishing gear and technologies,
Recommendation of the Fifth Committee
Summary of conclusions and recommendations 35 - 42 14
Having received the pledges made by 31 December 2002, UNHCR was able to fully replenish the Working Capital and Guarantee Fund.
The risks of drug trafficking through the traditional route of the evening route and the increasing incidence of smuggling of counterfeit cigarettes will be studied in detail.
Annexes*
Memorandum of Understanding between Peru and Costa Rica on Inter-American Anti-Corruption
Fifth Committee
The Special Rapporteur intends to visit Bolivia and Paraguay in 2003, at the invitation of the two countries.
However, none of these classifications is required and WTO members are free to use or develop another.
4 NE = not estimated; SO = no applicable; IB = included elsewhere; C = confidential.
(b) Distance with the centralized approach, strengthening local responsibilities and capacities of families and family associations;
If that authorization was not issued within 48 hours of the required information, the financial or credit institution is entitled to resume the transaction.
The courts generally consider that the liability under CERLA is objective.
On the nature of “common expectations”, Quentin-Baxter explained that “they are to some extent sources of law”.
The additional information requested by Ghana on the parameters to be used for the distribution of arrears may be made available to the Committee during the informal consultations, as well as information requested by Cuba on the impact of the Committee's recommendations on the scale of assessments and conversion rates.
The Human Rights Committee, the monitoring body for the implementation of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, recognized the right of indigenous peoples to self-determination, which it has applied to the indigenous peoples of Canada, Mexico, Norway and Australia.
There were 36 African States; 33 Asian and Pacific States; 32 European States; 20 Latin American and Caribbean States; 13 Arab States and one North American State.
The capacity to analyse and understand the different levels of performance needs to be strengthened.
Letter dated 14 July 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Italy to the United Nations addressed to the President of the Security Council
The first six privatization tenders are at the final stage of the process.
This approach should be a matter of concern for all of us.
The employment rate is the share of employed people.
Current standard of living (paragraph 42 (a) of the guidelines)
Some 25,000 public rented housing is reserved for young people.
In 1994 and 1989, these percentages were 37.6 per cent and 40.4 per cent, respectively.
Introduction
It is now widely recognized that human rights and human development have a common objective: to ensure the freedom, well-being and dignity of all human beings, wherever they are located, as reaffirmed in the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action, which emphasized that democracy, development and respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms are interdependent and mutually reinforcing.
Today, 35 mandates under the special procedures of the Commission on Human Rights, carried out by various experts in their personal capacity, are the backbone of the United Nations human rights protection system.
It was agreed that each relevant item of the agenda would begin with the submission of the reports of the special rapporteurs, followed by an open-ended interactive debate on the States visited by the experts and whose theme would be devoted to a mission report submitted to the Commission.
(j) Applicants wishing to participate in the session of the Working Group on Indigenous Populations are requested to make their statements on the specific theme chosen for the year.
In close collaboration with the United Nations Foundation and its counterpart, the Fund for a Better World, UNFIP has intensified its publicity and public relations campaigns in 2002, focusing in particular on raising awareness of the organization's activities and identifying new partners for the achievement of the MDGs.
Appendix
It is therefore to be hoped that the commitments made at Copenhagen at the Millennium Summit in Monterrey and Johannesburg will be implemented in an integrated and coherent manner.
Strengthening the rule of law and the administration of justice in the region with a view to creating a secure environment for returnees and displaced persons is a matter of urgency.
Chile, for example, has learned much in this regard through its contacts with the European Union and the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD).
Welcomes:
Finance Section
Reiterates the hope that the General Assembly will consider the question of Puerto Rico in depth and in all its aspects;
(g) Assistance programmes for the Territories should take climate change and global warming into account;
Recommendation of the Special Committee
The representative of Zimbabwe, speaking on behalf of the African Group, said that the UNCTAD secretariat had been very effective in assisting LDCs in building their institutional and technical capacity and capacity for human resources development.
Technical, sanitary and phytosanitary standards are increasingly complex.
The Conference on Disarmament is urged to agree on a programme of work for the immediate commencement and conclusion of negotiations on such a treaty within five years.
Access to education
An integrated approach to technical cooperation will be adopted both by UNCTAD and at the inter-agency level.
A majority of delegations, particularly from developing countries, stressed the urgency of strengthening the development dimension of the multilateral trading system in order to make globalization work for all countries.
Integrated negotiations in the WTO would help to better address these issues.
Based on the findings of the external evaluation, the Executive Director proposed in his report five major UNAIDS missions: (i) advocacy and advocacy for an effective response to the epidemic; (ii) strategic information to guide the efforts of partners; (iii) the detection, monitoring and evaluation of the epidemic and reactive measures; (iv) civil society engagement and partnership-building; and (v) mobilization of financial, technical and political resources.
Deeply convinced that the Beijing Declaration and Platform for Action and the outcome of the twenty-third special session represent an important contribution to the advancement of women everywhere in the world in the pursuit of equality with men and that they must be translated into action by all States, the United Nations system and other interested organizations, as well as non-governmental organizations,
Offshore financial and business centres have been established in many countries of the world.
The main purpose of the draft Money Laundering Act mentioned in the preceding paragraphs is to update and adapt existing legislation, implement international recommendations and integrate the provisions of the treaties on terrorism to which Bolivia has acceded.
The international community stands ready to assist Kosovo in this endeavour.
Pristina, Belgrade and, above all, the people of Kosovo have much to earn if standards are to be met quickly.
As part of a partnership approach, they can have access to regional, national and international networks, use new technologies and receive scientific, financial and political support for the implementation of their joint or individual projects.
Since April 2003, the Working Group has adopted the schedule of its activities for 2003, reviewed the situation in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and held joint meetings with the Economic and Social Council Advisory Group and the Group of Friends of Guinea-Bissau on Guinea-Bissau.
Panels and monitoring mechanisms and their reports
Continued support from the international community is essential for the success of this dialogue.
Protection of the mass through prosecution
(c) Application of insolvency law
A/57/23 (Part II), chap. VIII.
In order to establish just international relations, the functions and role of the United Nations must be strengthened and democratized.
He also felt that the United Nations security management system needed radical reform, especially in view of the new type of threat in Iraq — and perhaps elsewhere.
• Establishment of a GUUAM virtual centre for combating terrorism, organized crime, drug trafficking and other particularly dangerous crime
Implementation.
He also indicated that freedom of assembly and expression should also be guaranteed outside the periods of elections.
Given the time frame, it is difficult to fully assess the exact cost of the effective closure of the Programme, given its complexity, and to transfer the residual activities in an organized manner.
Some interlocutors also proposed that UNAMSIL should not completely withdraw and maintain a residual presence.
For most of them, agriculture represents the largest economic sector in terms of employment as well as its contribution to GDP, and/or exports, or the extent to which it guarantees the subsistence of the population.
On 5 June 2003, the European Commission drew the attention of the arbitral tribunal to the fact that it was in the process of considering the question of whether it should bring proceedings under article 226 of the Treaty establishing the European Economic Community.
The internal struggles and the office of the politicians in connection with the elections in Kosovo and Serbia will continue to hamper our efforts to fully perform the vital tasks of implementing UNMIK's mandate.
We regret that, upon his arrival, Mr. Holkeri has faced the most extreme violence, mainly in the form of ethnically motivated crimes and attacks on UNMIK personnel.
(b) To ensure that, in practice, no one may be kept in custody for more than 48 hours and to remove the possibility of keeping a person in temporary detention in police premises for up to 10 days;
In accordance with the understanding reached in the Council's prior consultations, and in the absence of objection, I shall take it that the Security Council agrees to extend an invitation under rule 39 of its provisional rules of procedure to the Executive Director of the World Food Programme, Mr. James Morris.
Members of the Council have before them document S/2003/216, which contains a note by the President transmitting the report of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights and document S/2003/211, which contains the thirteenth report of the Secretary-General on the United Nations Organization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
The South-East Asian Nuclear-Weapon-Free Zone Commission, which brings together the Foreign Ministers of the States members of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations, was established in accordance with article 8 of the Bangkok Treaty and took office in July 1999.
As a result of efforts to prevent human immunodeficiency virus/acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (HIV/AIDS), injecting drug abuse is decreasing in several countries, the average age of injecting drug users is increasing and prevalence rates are stable or decreasing, at least in most developed countries.
There was support for partnerships and synergies between ministries and government agencies.
These relationships can be easily represented in the matrix.
Since Lithuania became a Member of the Organization in 1991, it has contributed €216.
Rule 102.1
I would also like to thank the Secretary of the Committee, Mr. Mohammad Sattar, whose wealth of experience and expertise has contributed greatly to the success of the work of the Committee.
We particularly welcome the growing recognition that ICT can, if used wisely and methodically, not only improve management and administration, but also strengthen programme implementation and increase the reach of the agencies and achieve their objectives, thus making them more coherent, efficient and cost-effective.
Andorra, Argentina, Australia, Azerbaijan, Bangladesh, Cameroon, Canada, Cape Verde, Colombia, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Eritrea, Ghana, Japan, Jordan, Kazakhstan, Malawi, Mexico, Panama, Papua New Guinea, Peru, Russian Federation, Romania, Senegal, Serbia and Montenegro, Russian Federation, Senegal, Serbia and Montenegro, United Republic of Tanzania.
In order to ensure greater coherence and efficiency in the work of the Unit, the role of the Chairman should be strengthened and the length of the mandate should be extended.
It may not be useful.
The meeting was called to order at 11.50 a.m.
The Libyan Government reiterates its request to the Committee to admit it as a full member.
Objectives for the biennium, expected accomplishments, indicators of achievement and performance measures
In order to stabilize the deteriorating macroeconomic environment since the early 1990s, the Government had taken macroeconomic measures in April 2001 under a strengthened Interim Programme on Public Finance and Currency with the main objective of ending the high-inflation cycle that undermined the national economy.
Of particular importance is the reaffirmation by the General Assembly that poverty eradication, the adoption of sustainable consumption and production patterns, and the protection and management of the natural resource base that underpin economic and social development are prerequisites for achieving sustainable development.
Socio-economic and agrarian issues and gender equality
(d) Development partners should also encourage the private sector to contribute to the development of transit transport infrastructure through cost-sharing, through the use of construction-transfer schemes and a catalytic role in attracting foreign direct investment, as well as by facilitating increased market access;
After completing her work for one hour, she returned to the hotel.
At the end of its three-hour visit, the group returned to the hotel.
Among these challenges, security and confidence-building among different ethnic groups are crucial issues.
Israel has demonstrated the utmost restraint in the face of these brutal and repeated provocations, while Hizbollah has deliberately endangered the civilian population on both the Israeli and Lebanese side of the Blue Line.
With this type of record and lack of respect for the Committee, its application must be rejected.
Heritage Foundation
It should therefore take into account the interests and concerns of all participants, regardless of their level of development, size or share in world trade.
The report avoided the key question of why the current situation had been achieved and how the deterioration of the past three years could have been avoided.
- The United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime and its Protocol to Prevent, Suppress and Punish Trafficking in Persons, Especially Women and Children (Act No. 565/2002);
With regard to the practical measures taken to dismantle networks of trafficking in persons at the internition level, 510 people were brought to justice in 2001, and 280 of them were held in pretrial detention.
The project will support the training and deployment of Afghan police with the registration teams.
The Conference shall make every effort to make all its substantive decisions by consensus.
Letter dated 24 July 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Turkey to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
Approves the documentation prepared for the Eleventh Congress as proposed by the Secretary-General in his report on the preparations for the Eleventh United Nations Congress on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice, taking into account the recommendations of the Commission on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice thereon;
• Indonesia.
Noting also with concern that at the current rate of implementation of the commitments made in the Declaration, it is likely that many countries will not meet the targets set for 2005,
Most claimants submitted sufficient evidence to establish their legitimate interests in the affected property and the loss suffered.
The contribution of States parties to the informal discussions on issues relating to articles 1, 2 and 3 of the Convention has helped to clarify and better understand some of the issues relating to the implementation of those articles.
In the event that the situation in question arises, manufacturers proposing to export small arms and light weapons or ammunition should obtain permits for this purpose from the Ministry of the Interior.
Surveys to trace seized substances are extremely useful in identifying the source of seized precursors and avoiding future diversion.
Fifty-eighth session
A/C.1/58/L.56 Item 73 (n) -- General and complete disarmament: illicit trade in small arms and light weapons in all its aspects -- The illicit trade in small arms and light weapons in all its aspects -- Programme budget implications of draft resolution A/C.1/58/L.1/Rev.1 -- Statement submitted by the Secretary-General in accordance with rule 153 of the rules of procedure of the General Assembly [A C E F R S]
Enhancing coherence between national development strategies and global economic processes
They expressed their full support for the Iraqi people for the establishment, with the central role and support of the United Nations, of an independent and democratic government representative of the Iraqi people and enjoying cooperation and good relations with its neighbours, called for the restoration of full Iraqi sovereignty through the establishment of a legitimate government and the cessation of the occupation and called upon the international community to assist in the restoration of security and security.
Condemns all forms of repression against refugees, including armed attacks on refugee camps, and the pressure on their host countries.
CHARGE the Waqf Management Board to undertake a second tour to publicize the Waqfs of both universities and to establish contacts with donors to encourage them to make contributions, in coordination with the OIC Secretary-General.
Recalling the relevant resolutions of the Islamic Conferences;
APPREDES the role of the Islamic University of Technology (ITU), Dhaka, in human resources development in the fields of engineering and technology, technical education and vocational training.
Recognizing that the growing importance of human rights throughout the world calls upon the Ummah and Islamic organizations to intensify their efforts to take appropriate initiatives at all levels to safeguard and strengthen human rights;
In this connection, however, further clarification might be provided on three points.
She said that in order to promote equitable growth in a changing international environment, there was a need to adopt a new attitude, strengthen cooperation and provide adequate tools.
3-6 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room 8
United Nations Decade of Education for Sustainable Development
The reference to private international law in article 10, paragraph 1, should be deleted, since that branch of law was intended to resolve conflicts of laws and not to provide jurisdictional rules.
Table 12.19 Objectives for the biennium, expected accomplishments, indicators of achievement and performance measures
The Committee then adopted the draft resolution, as orally revised.
The Security Council has responded appropriately and promptly to this threat through the adoption of resolution 1373 (2001) and the subsequent establishment of the Counter-Terrorism Committee (CTC).
Khaled Ghazi Said Al-Masri
b According to the application form all the representatives are indigenous.
Emphasizing that mutual understanding, dialogue, cooperation, transparency and confidence-building measures are important elements in all activities for the promotion and protection of human rights,
Reaffirms resolution 2000/17 of 17 August 2000 of the Sub-Commission on the Promotion and Protection of Human Rights on international law and the imposition of the death penalty on persons under the age of 18 at the time of the commission of the offence;
This is a separate item on its annual agenda.
(c) Urges all States, in accordance with applicable provisions of international refugee law, human rights and international humanitarian law,
(Signed) Gunter Pleuger President of the Security Council
Proposals requiring amendment of the Charter
Incorporating provisions for this purpose in the rules of procedure of the Security Council or, where appropriate, statements by the President of the Council.
The Advisory Committee notes that the Secretariat has supported this goal and has announced its intention to issue guidelines.
High-level segment
In accordance with article 50 of the Code, a concession is deemed to be a contract between Belarus and the investor for the transfer, for a reasonable cost and for a specified period of time, of the right to conduct a particular activity in the territory of Belarus under an exclusive right of the State or to use property that is the property of Belarus.
(a) Promising, offering or giving to a public official [or a person holding public office], directly or indirectly, an undue advantage, for himself or herself or another person or entity, in order that he or she performs or refrain from performing an act in the exercise of his or her official duties;
]
Each participant was also invited to submit a summary written report on one of the conferences.
The Group considers that the obligation set out in article 5.2.1, namely, “to ensure proper and careful loading, handling, transport, custody, protection and discharge of the goods”, provides for a continuing responsibility.
In this connection, the Committee will take into account the decisions, including the Committee on the Rights of the Child and the Human Rights Committee; the Committee has ascertained that minors have the same guarantees and protections as adults under article 14 of the Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, and that every child has the right, without any discrimination, to the protection required by his or her family, society or the State.
The workshop will focus on practical experience in environmental-friendly urban transport management, together with sustainable space management.
The European Union reiterates the conclusions of the External Relations Council of 27 January, as well as the terms of the public position on Iraq of 4 February, which remain valid.
This form of collaboration could be expanded to include various types of activities, ranging from information-sharing and dissemination of international best practices to concrete victim assistance projects.
Report of the Secretary-General
Thirdly, the Security Council must strengthen its efforts with regard to inspections.
I am convinced that such gestures would significantly improve the political context of demarcation of the border and normalization of relations between the two countries.
Internal FDI stock in the services sector, 1990 and 2001 (Millions of dollars)
A/C.6/58/L.1 Organization of work -- Note by the Secretariat [A C E F R S]
• Effective implementation of paragraph 1 of the resolution requires States to take or take measures that require professions involved in financial transactions to report suspicious transactions to the competent authorities.
Encourages States, the international financial community and relevant international organizations to provide the necessary assistance to the Government of National Unity and Transition and to cooperate closely with it in support of the establishment of national institutions that can ensure that the exploitation of natural resources is managed in a transparent manner so that it effectively benefits the Congolese people;
Peru
Reference was also made to the proposal to establish a global solidarity fund with voluntary contributions.
