Let me stress that we will continue to work with them.
Subsidiary Body for Implementation
At its 8th meeting, on 1 November 2002, the Chairman mentioned that the Conference of the Parties had agreed on the calendar of conferences and meetings for the period 2003-2007.
Thailand
In paragraph 6, the Committee requested the Sub-Commission to consider that any State, in particular the colonial and other non-independence Territories, have consistently violated violations of human rights and fundamental freedoms, including racial discrimination, segregation and segregation.
In the same resolution, the Sub-Commission decided to continue its consideration of this question at its fifty-fifth session.
Near-Earth objects
These generally include the use of detailed land coverage databases prepared by the LCC system and the support of the data collected by the mapping map.
The joint co-sponsors of the system is the FAO, UNEP, the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization, the World Meteorological Organization and the International Scientific Council (IASC).
The study of 77 million beneficiaries covered by approximately 600,000 beneficiaries showed that 78 per cent of the programme had established HIV/AIDS prevention programmes, but only 0.3 per cent of beneficiaries used them.
Uruguay (7 July 2003)
His wife refused to recognize the mental illness of the Prince.
In the case of the suspects, any evidence of their guilt, such as the accused of the defendant's voluntary contributions to senior police officers, must be followed by a close review of the evidence.
Since July 1999, he has repeatedly participated in the conduct of the law.
A copy of this comment will be transmitted to the Committee on the Rights of the Child; the Working Group concludes that it is not possible to deny the arbitrary nature of the principle of the principle of the principle of the different principles applicable to it by Mr. Michael Guarra.
The Ministers of Arab States emphasized the key role of the United Nations in the political process in Iraq and the need to cooperate with the League of Arab States and other regional and national actors to cooperate with the Security Council under the auspices of the Security Council.
We are particularly concerned about the issue of health awareness among individuals, especially the armed forces.
China welcomes the adoption of a series of positive measures taken by the Department of Peacekeeping Operations to improve awareness-raising among peacekeepers, as well as the establishment of a series of positive measures to amend the code of conduct of peacekeepers.
During its regular session of 2003, the Committee received a letter dated 20 May 2003 from the Government of the United States of America to the Government of the United States of America to observe the rules of procedure during the fifty-ninth session of the Commission on Human Rights during its fifty-ninth session.
In such cases, the situation should be taken as appropriate as appropriate, as appropriate, to ensure that their interests are protected.
The HKSAR, Mauritius and the United Kingdom.
One view was that, in view of the general nature of creditors, the process of holding the number of creditors in the total number of creditors in the total number of creditors would be inappropriate.
The Staff College also has further use of ICT.
As at the end of the reporting period, the total number of staff in the College was 37 per cent.
IMO publication
Office of the Secretariat
The report clearly shows that the University is strengthening its cooperation with other United Nations system-based organizations and increased its contribution to the activities of the Organization.
The SBI agreed to include those organizations in accordance with article 7, paragraph 6, of the Convention, without prejudice to action taken by the Conference of the Parties.
Statements were made by the representatives of 10 States Parties, one of which were speaking on behalf of the European Community and its member States and certain countries, one of the Group of 77 and China.
The SBI welcomed the Chairman of the two subsidiary bodies, the Chairman of the limited members of the Committee and the continued efforts of the Secretariat to facilitate the participation of observer organizations in the intersessional meetings.
In the Trial Chamber's judgement on 2 November 2001, Miroslav Kakovččka, Mado Radć, Dragjjjjirać, Zanoćć and Miloicaica.
My delegation, Mr. President, is very pleased to congratulate you on your assumption of the presidency of the Conference on Disarmament.
States parties to the Inter-American Organizations Meeting:
Sri Lanka: amendments to article 8
The Panel finds that the following corresponding compensation should be paid to the claimant: compensation in the amount of USD 76,842 in the invoice of the invoice of compensation for compensation in the amount of USD 8,439 in the amount of USD 269,49; compensation for compensation of the invoice of USD 2690/90/41, 270/90/41 and 2890/95, and the amount of USD 6,077 for the amount of compensation for the claimant, and the amount of USD 6,08 for the amount of compensation for the amount specified in the invoices contained in document A/49/283 and 1690/82.
Annex I
Mr. Tidhh (Switzerland): Let me congratulate you, Sir, on your assumption of the presidency of the Security Council for this month and to wish you every success.
Mr. Vassosakis (Greece): I have the honour to speak on behalf of the European Union.
In order to fill the inherent deficiencies of the Tribunals, the current period of the 1970s and the early 1980s of the 1950s and the early 1980s of the World Court of Justice have created a permanent International Court of Justice.
While we believe that the search for compromise should not be linked to an important international treaty in the Rome Statute, we remain convinced that members of the Council must take action in compromise and understanding, and for the search for a mutually acceptable solution to a mutually acceptable solution.
At the fifty-seventh session of the General Assembly, on 22 November 2002, the General Assembly adopted resolution 57/63 of 22 November 2002, entitled “Promotion of multilateralism in the field of disarmament and non-proliferation”, which proved strong to multilateralism.
It would be recalled that a number of multilateral instruments are necessary for the immediate commencement of the FMCT, which I would like to recall some of these documents.
It is essential that United Nations agencies and other aid providers must pay the cost of the high cost and to lease vehicles and premises and access to security, which is an important source of income for Somali parties.
All attempts to manage Somali fishing operations have led to a large number of funds falling into the private hands of the leaders of the various factions, and their share in the past 10 years has been spent in a private and to make a certain degree of resources to private people and to complement them.
Paragraph 4: “The purpose of knowing the intention to assist or assist or assist an act or to act in the exercise, facilitation or operation of the act of a particular provision”.
At the same time, international cooperation is based on the actions of the United Nations Action Team on Money Laundering.
Open-ended informal consultations on the implementation of the World Programme of Action on Disabled Persons: a Open-ended Informal consultations on the World Declaration on Social Social” (organized by the Permanent Mission of the Philippines)
Between 155 and 800 hours on 9 October 2003, an Israeli reconnaissance aircraft overflew the sea in the north-east of the Litani River region, and then departed in the area of Beit Hanoun and then over the vicinity of the al-Naqurah.
- The adoption of the referendum through a referendum.
Efforts to strengthen the education sector
* The Government of Myanmar and the University of Myanmar cannot grant a doctor.
Agenda item 155: Report of the Special Committee on the Charter of the United Nations and on the Strengthening of the Role of the Organization (continued)
However, the recent events in recent years indicate that the coverage and implementation of this Convention remain incomplete and cannot be adequately addressed.
In the draft resolution, the tariff ceiling of developing countries remained in negotiations.
(g) Measures to combat money-laundering;
Prevention and terrorism
(In thousands of countries in the region of Latin America and the Caribbean)
Annex
The rate of unemployment among women and girls is highest in the age of 20-24 years.
Samoa's geographical nature and its good communication and transport systems have enabled centralized services to be accessible.
In addition, health services should pay attention to the concept of “health” and actively promote the health of health as a basis of a property.
Another important aspect of economic participation is women entrepreneurs, particularly in small businesses.
At present, the trend of marriage has changed, and the age of marriage for women is particularly late in 1991 and the 1997 age of 24 years was 24 years, and men are under 31 and 27 years.
Minister Faao, Nutrition and Dapia Youth, AYY Youth Survey
My delegation reiterates that any decisions taken by the Provisional Institutions must be strictly adhered to in the provisions of the resolutions and the constitutional framework.
We hope that the development of the road map that includes the transfer of the mandate process will help to determine standards, which is a lack of conditions for a lasting solution to the status of Kosovo.
However, we believe that the additional measures in paragraph 21 can help to control and improve the situation.
The high rate of high-level rates could reduce the effect of a large location.
The General Assembly, in its resolution 57/108 of 3 December 2002 on the Palestinian People's Rights Division, requested the Secretary-General to continue to provide the Division with the necessary resources to ensure that the Division continued to implement the work programme of the previous relevant resolutions, particularly in the region, to further develop and expand the work of the United Nations Conference on the Question of Palestine, and to develop and expand the United Nations information paper on the question of Palestine, and to develop a yearly training programme for the staff of the Palestinian Authority and to expand the annual training programme for the Palestinian Authority.
United Nations Conference on Trade and Development
In February 1997, the United States, from its oil-based base, was transported to the south of South Korea in the south-east of South Korea, which was re-evaluated in the United States of America on 8 June, with a view to re-evaluating the “the medium-term report”.
Considering that the obligation to promote respect for the Charter of the United Nations and other international law instruments and rules is one of the purposes and principles of the United Nations,
Calls upon all States that have not yet done so to accede to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons and in the field of non-proliferation in the area of disarmament and non-proliferation, to make the necessary conditions for strengthening peace and cooperation in the region;
The drought assessment model for the global and regional levels has been established.
However, they are constrained by the lack of current indicators.
In the light of the vulnerability of a country or regional region, we have preferred the second approach, but there is a need for careful research.
Programme budget: Assistance in the compilation of web Group on Biological Diversity ( Coordinators: Debii)
Facators for EGGG
In addition, some participants emphasized the cross-cutting nature of human rights, gender equality and women's empowerment, and should recognize their importance to achieving all development goals.
For example, transit goods in Central Asia must be used in the transit port of transit ships, and then the ship is loaded to ensure that there are no prohibited items in order to ensure the smuggling of commodities.
The second may be considered to be directly invoked by individual individuals (e.g. the situation in the Convention on the Rights of the Child).
Annex to the letter dated 11 August 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Germany and the Netherlands to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
Comment.
Comment.
9 Ibid., Supplement No. 5F and corrigendum (A/57/5/Add.6 and Corr.1), chap.
(d) The imposition of any form of discrimination or harassment in the workplace or in the work of the workplace, including sexual harassment or gender harassment, or the injury of or/or language.
Remuneration
Abstract prepared by Kfan Köll
Case 435: MAL 34 - Germany: The Hamburg Court of the Democratic Republic of the Congo; 14 Sch91 (8 September 1998)
In both categories, however, it is essential that it is voluntary; it is not a definition of the topic (which is not more than its scope), but it is applicable to the scope of the topic.
Recognizing also that, based on the specific circumstances of both countries and regions, there is a number of different democratic political systems and free elections in the world in the world,
One point said that the contract had been extended, but not formally extended contracts.
With regard to interest issues, the Panel cited paragraphs 19 and 20 above.
In terms of the payment of the two contracts between the two contracts concluded in SSPL, each contract has been paid in the amount of Kuwait and the remaining United States dollars.
The Panel finds that To did not provide sufficient evidence of the right to ownership or use of property, property and property in Iraq and Kuwait until 2 August 1990.
Recommendation
Facts and contentions
The employee's employment contract provides that the Momomy is obliged to pay the travel of each employee from Kuwaiti territory to each employee in the end of the employment period, and the Momomery said that each employee had no date of return to travel.
The majority of such killings are still in full operation.
Secondly, in addition to promoting the eradication of opium poppy and combating drug trafficking in Afghanistan, these issues must be addressed from the region.
All terrorists have relevant objectives and means.
Fifty-eighth session
The results of the study showed that migrants have experienced racism and discrimination in the workplace and in other areas of life.
In recent two missions to Bunia, from 28 to 30 January 2003, MONUC sent a number of serious violations of grave violations of human rights, including gang rape, extrajudicial executions, looting and burning premises.
1To be issued.
In addition, nearly 150 cases have been assigned to a rapid response to the repatriation facility, which is a joint joint project for the provision of shelter rehabilitation assistance to the refugees and the United Nations Development Programme.
The Government of Albania commended the appointment of Mr. Harri Holkeri for his Special Representative and will support his work.
States seek to attract foreign investment because investment can generate benefits and have a positive impact on their economies.
The programme of education will receive additional funding to increase the level of participation in the school level, particularly those of female schoolchildren and the provision of informal education.
8.7 Improving institutional capacity-building processes and a series of management reforms to enable the institutional role of the system, improve quality of services and efficiency and cost-effectiveness.
Food support for families in special hardship
Micro-credit and savings programme
Programme budget implications of draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.14/Rev.1 (A/58/7/Add.27, A/58/7/Add.27; A/C.5/58/32)
Once the sub-group begins, we will determine the identification and verification of the identity of the combatants.
• The need to better utilize the comparative advantage of intergovernmental bodies so that they can work together with a more harmonious and comprehensive way to achieve common goals such as the composition of the General Assembly, the Security Council and the Economic and Social Council members.
The delegation of South Africa agreed to continue to work as President of the Kimberley Process during the first year.
The Australian Institute for Social Development has worked on women's work, requesting them to take full rights in the exercise of the right to vote in accordance with Act 55-97.
(a) Strengthen information exchange, especially the information of terrorists, terrorist organizations, and other necessary information, as required;
Also concerned about the links between corruption and other forms of crime, particularly in the form of money-laundering, including money-laundering,
The Working Group noted that, in any event, the matter may be considered to be considered at its thirty-sixth session in Vienna from 30 June to 11 July 2003.
However, the Committee is concerned that not all principals, teachers and parents are aware of the objectives of these reforms, particularly in rural areas, and in particular in rural areas, and the implementation of the implementation of the country is not consistent with the implementation of the implementation of the evaluation.
Children with disabilities
(a) To ensure that the work of the International Labour Organization, in close cooperation with the ILO International Programme, ensure the implementation and strengthening of all national and international legal protection; enhanced efforts to reduce the number of children working in the formal and informal sectors of the public sector, and to pay special attention to the number of children who are more minor in the formal and informal sectors, and to make every effort to ensure that children are more affected by the age of the age of the age of the age of the age of the child, and to continue to make a special account to ensure that children are subjected to the minimum wage and the elimination of the worst forms of child labour (art.
The Committee recommends that the State party be fully incorporated into legislation and practice in the area of child custody, in accordance with article 3 of the Convention.
(b) Provide special assistance for children with a single family;
The Committee welcomes the adoption of the Marriage and Family Act 1998 and welcomes the creation and dissemination of the concept of condoms as a means of reducing the number of shelters in shelters.
Of the most replies received ( 1048 replies), 59 were reported, and persons with disabilities are sometimes involved in planning and evaluation of medical care.
The repeated repetition of this process is that, in the course of this process, it would be clear that these promises are not only “no” in the event of other promises made in the Hall.
The Government of Luxembourg is convinced that the basic task of maintaining peace must be a broad and complex security concept.
These factors are accompanied by increased demand for indoor heating and transportation, which is one of the reasons for the high level of energy and greenhouse gas emissions in the transport and residential sectors.
Figure 7
The Parties reported to all sectors on the basis of the guidelines.
A thorough review of the national communications of Annex I Parties (as at 31 March 2003) shows that the work of some Parties in a better estimation of the future role of the Kyoto International Mechanism and their inclusion in the results of the prediction simulations.
Norway indicated that the decline in precipitation could be increased and reduced from 10 to 30 per cent.
The United States and the United States noted that they provide a model data to national and international research communities.
It is generally recognized that data quality is acceptable.
Details of the modalities used by the Parties are contained in section VI.
Despite the increasing number of technical assistance, the requirements of the United Nations direct observer elections have been reduced.
Special attention will be the issue of legal issues, logistics and how to choose the electoral system.
The mission will be crucial to the efforts of the Congolese parties and the region of the region, in the light of the progress made in the forthcoming international conference on peace, security, democracy and development in the Great Lakes region.
Protection of civilians in armed conflict
This is the first time to inform the Council on how to improve the protection of civilians in armed conflict as a matter of briefing.
Indeed, he is committed to all the work of the United Nations.
With regard to the link between terrorism and armed conflict, my country has always indicated that this is a pressing issue of concern in depth.
Mr. Praar (Mexico) (spoke in Spanish): At the outset, I would like to express my delegation's appreciation to you, Mr. President, to see you presiding in this meeting.
The European Union is deeply appreciative of the commitment and full endorsement of the Security Council's commitment to the protection of civilians and to establish a regular dialogue on the agenda.
Therefore, we must continue to stress that, despite the eventual need to address these issues, the need for further deployment of these issues is still necessary, and the need for the immediate deployment of the international security forces of the powerful force will be necessary to create the necessary security environment and confidence, thereby enabling the Bonn process to be natural.
The Committee began its consideration of this agenda item.
The situation in Ituri is the result of the United Nations, the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Uganda.
I wish to express our appreciation for the political will of the parties.
Resolution 55/59, annex.
10.30 a.m.-1 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room B
I would now like to draw my attention to the recent events and current work of the Monitoring Group, which will be informed to understand the actual situation of the current country.
In conclusion, I would like to thank Ambassador Muñoz and his team in his able work in the leadership of the delegation of Chile, for the efforts of the Monitoring and Secretariat of the Monitoring Team and the Secretariat to gradually improve this key United Nations instrument in the fight against terrorism.
We commend the Security Council and the Committee to take a significant step in improving the effectiveness and accuracy of sanctions measures, addressing humanitarian issues, addressing transparency and proper procedural issues.
A comprehensive set of proposals was therefore made.
I would like to refer to the high-ended meeting of the Open-ended Informal Meeting on the prohibition of the production of fissile material for nuclear weapons and other nuclear explosive devices, which is part of the efforts of the Netherlands to the FMCT.
Languages of official documents of the International Trade Centre/WTO/WTO
Signature: Malaysia (9 December 2003)
Therefore, we believe that this paragraph is incompatible with international law and Germany, and we regret that we cannot accept.
China appreciates the tireless efforts of the Secretary-General of the United Nations and the West African Economic Community to promote the peace process, and we actively assess the decisions of the Central Summit of the Secretary-General of the Mediterranean Summit on the issue of policy, and we call on the international community to provide assistance to the West African peacekeeping forces.
• The price statistics for the price statistics were provided to ISO0,900; and three outputs are applied to such proven;
(a) Legal, regulatory or other authorized provisions to provide individual data; and
In the case of 9.6 per cent of investigators confirmed that their statistical sector had been involved in international cooperation projects, 5.5 per cent of whom had been investigated, and their statistical sector is only a member of the international cooperation project, which was not only the participation of the donors, and the fact that 29 per cent of the investigators were involved in international cooperation projects.
He called for the efforts of India, Israel and Pakistan to support universalization as non-nuclear-weapon States.
Ibrahim Ahmed Khaled Al-Makadh
Agenda item 87: Environment and sustainable development (continued)
(d) Implementation of the United Nations Convention to Combat Desertification in Those Countries Experiencing Serious Drought and/or Desertification, including the United Nations Convention to Combat Desertification (A/57/177)
A number of countries in Africa face transport problems, from the rate of freight of the African countries in 2000.
UNCTAD should continue to provide assistance to developing countries in the field of electronic commerce.
I wish to remind members that, pursuant to paragraph 7 of decision 34/401, the General Assembly decides to:
Ms. Moriraani (San Marino): We have been participating in the consensus on the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, which is in the form of a consensus on the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women.
The Third Committee adopted draft resolution I without a vote.
A recorded vote was taken.
Against:
The President: On behalf of the representative, I wish to explain their vote on the voting just adopted, and to give them the floor.
It was so decided.
A total of 29 cases of illegal cross-border incidents were held by KFOR, detained by 28 persons and subsequently transferred to the United Nations Interim Administration Mission in Kosovo (UNMIK).
The freedom of movement of UNMEE in areas adjacent to the construction of the Temporary Security Zone, particularly in the area, remains limited.
However, the contemporary international claim practice proved that certain organizations have been accredited to the legal qualifications of a representative of a group.
However, the financial situation of UNHCR has seriously affected its strategy, since the report of the Refugee Commissioner (A/58/12, para. 63), UNHCR will only maintain half of the funding required for the 2003 activities.
The summary records of the meetings of the Committee shall be circulated in English, French and Spanish.
List of speakers
The members of the Committee shall be sentenced to 18 persons under articles 28 to 34 of the Convention.
Subject to rule 38 of the rules of procedure, the Secretary-General or his representative may take oral or written statements to the Committee or its subsidiary bodies.
In favour of vote and a vote
If the Committee or the pre-session working group are concerned, the information contained in the report of the State party is insufficient to request the State concerned to provide additional information, as requested, and to specify the deadline for submission.
Meetings and attendance
Establishment of a working group and designated special rapporteurs 186
Rule 45
Procedure for the admissibility of the complaint
Summary of casual vacancies
The military leaders are not engaged in the isolation of these combatants, and they are being subjected to a number of forces who are undergoing the deployment of the various forces.
The three individuals were subsequently killed by José-Mamam, which were killed by a woman.
The review process is determined to provide high-quality services for timely and timely delivery of these functions, but should be arranged in the areas of other areas of the Office.
References for the fifty-seventh session (agenda item 114)
Article 17
The transaction may be designated by the Register of the transaction, and the transaction records of the transaction have been recorded.
However, the use of these translation services in the local market, as well as the use of these translation services, is not feasible.
1 December 2002 (Amendment) Act
For the “equality” package: A set of reference materials for primary school teachers, 1994.
In 2001, the Programme of Action for the Development of the Poverty Reduction of Poverty (SPDADA) was financed.
The Act is a comprehensive nature to address all aspects of employment, including employment opportunities, employment conditions, pay, promotion and vocational training.
Thus, the current adoption of the age of parental leave has been extended to 18 weeks of age and optional 1 weeks (not paid).
The table below sets out the amount of funds allocated to the capital and staffing personnel and the estimated number of estimates for children funded by the Fund.
The Department also provides funding to the citizens of Ireland's social and male-based violence in the civil society of Ireland, as a means of providing a confidential telephone service, and that such services were supported and brought to men, and that they are responsible for their acts of violence.
(b) To implement maternity leave for maternity leave or equal social welfare, without loss of the original work, seniority or social allowance;
Article 18
If the list is updated, the list will be updated to the central agencies responsible for the control of border controls.
However, the prospects for 2003 remain to be influenced by the imbalance in the current global economy.
While the promotion of the education and health levels of the people is a good goal, it is very far-reaching to the positive development of a country.
Paragraph 9
The initiative was a direct response to Agenda 21, chapter 40 of Agenda 21, the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development and the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development, which will help the international community to assess progress made in some environmental objectives.
ESCAP will participate in the annual session of the Regional Working Group on Space Science and Technology in the Area.
According to Variant B, if the “data message” contains “electronic electronic signature”, it would be appropriate to be given to the request of the Secretary-General.
Until soon, WHO has been collecting data on the data collected by the National Health Survey.
In addition to other information received from the Commission, the savings were attributable to the direct results of some overexpenditures and expenditures, including the acquisition of $1,218,900 for the acquisition of prefabricated facilities, alteration, renovation and construction of $6,299,200, and an increase of $162,600 for the purchase of electricity equipment, an overexpenditure of $42,600, and an overexpenditure of $32,000 in the public sector, as well as the overexpenditures of $142,000 in the public sector.
The role of microcredit as a substitute for an alternative loan approach was evaluated.
At the end of the biennium 2004-2005, the Chambers were expected to complete the following work in the biennium: 12 trials, pre-trial procedures, six appeals procedures, eight appeals proceedings, eight interlocutory decisions of the Trial Chamber and all interlocutory appeals made in the above work.
In addition to the extremely worrying concerns of the conflict, despite the excellent intentions and adoption of the various resolutions adopted by the Millennium Summit, the international community has not yet done to address two major issues.
Mr. Oouo (Oogo) (spoke in French): We have the honour to convey our actions in this year and to determine how we are able to contribute to the new lives of us.
I would like to take this opportunity to thank Secretary-General Kofi Annan for his concerns on our well-being.
Human resources management
In accordance with the criteria set out in certain predetermined criteria, the report will be more effectively monitored to monitor compliance with human resources policies, norms and practices.
Urges the Secretary-General to continue to pay high priority to the consolidation and strengthening of emergency preparedness and emergency mechanisms, including through the humanitarian emergency activities, to take effective action to identify all human rights violations resulting from massive exoduses;
Reaffirms the responsibility of the United Nations to the people of Western Sahara in accordance with the settlement plan;
During the reporting period, there is no significant change in the situation of the Organization's international non-governmental organizations in the field of funds or other international non-governmental organizations.
The Ministry of Women and Women's Affairs has been responsible for the administrative responsibilities of the head of “ Vulnerable development programmes”.
Various studies have been carried out on a gender-sensitive approach to information reports and the media media.
Draft report of the Commission
These specific gender issues were taken into account in the formulation and health-related programmes.
It is imperative that it is crucial to renew.
The Security Council is meeting in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
Meeting of co-sponsors on human rights and terrorism (agenda item 117 (b)) (organized by the Permanent Mission of Algeria)
African Group
The Committee resumed its consideration of the item.
The Committee regrets that two important tax preferences (as the incentives for the hiring of persons with disabilities and the Committee's concluding concluding observations) have been eliminated.
Proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005
(c) Human rights situations and reports of special rapporteurs and representatives (continued) (A/58/508/Add.3)
It also sought closer integration into the European Union and hoped that the establishment of a Stabilization and Association Agreement for the European Union in 2004.
We welcome the final efforts to achieve this consensus.
Human rights defenders
The draft resolution, as orally revised, was adopted without a vote.
To that end, the State party should take appropriate measures to sensitize public awareness of the remedies of discrimination or xenophobia.
The Committee notes that, despite the constitutional and legal guarantees, the indigenous people and the Afro-Ecuadorian population and other ethnic minorities are still subjected to discrimination.
The State party should include in its next periodic report detailed information on the rights of indigenous communities in the areas of land ownership and compensation for the use of the right of indigenous peoples to environmental damage.
The Committee emphasizes that the State party has the responsibility to assist the “hemporary lease” of the person, and recommends that the State party intensify its efforts to provide compensation and resettlement to affected families.
In order to improve the work of these bodies, the Committee requests the State party to include in its next periodic report the situation of racial discrimination in the context of racial discrimination.
The Committee encourages the State party to review legislation and to define the scope of the concept more clearly.
Despite repeated requests, Papua New Guinea has not fulfilled its obligations under article 9, paragraph 1, of the Convention, and no additional information on the situation in Bougainville was not submitted to the Committee.
In view of the lack of statistical data on the national composition of the Norwegian society, the Committee recommends that the State party provide a statistical estimate of the population, as requested in paragraph 8 of the guidelines for the preparation of the report, and to draw the attention of the State party to its general recommendation 8 of the Committee's recommendation on specific ethnic and ethnic groups.
The Committee recommends that the State party's report could be open to the public use, and the Committee's observations on these reports should also be open.
Addendum
She hoped that the Chairman of the Advisory Committee made a statement.
Invites Parties included in Annex I to the Convention to publish information on the list of national inventory reports containing national inventory reports and common reports of the CRF, and to inform the Secretariat on the exact web site of these publications;
Held at Headquarters, New York, on Friday, 21 November 2002, at 3 p.m.
This commitment, particularly from the inclusion of space science in the third time forward plan of the Malaysia's third round, shows that this is a key area of activity based on knowledge.
In conclusion, the Government of the Republic of Rwanda strongly supports the peace process in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and expresses its condemnation of the message of the Government of the Government of Kinshasa to the United Nations.
(d) To consider the need for the necessary vigilance to assist any national space project project in order to prevent the development of weapons of mass destruction systems, taking into account that such programmes can be used to detect ballistic missiles;
The practice of this approach is likely to bring a sense of solidarity and solidarity, and the international community to implement the Convention.
17.62 The provision of the staff of the Ombudsman and its staff is financed under non-post objects of expenditure; the general operating expenses of the Office of the Ombudsman, the Office automation and the Office of the Office of the Office for the maintenance of other equipment; supplies and materials; the purchase of office automation equipment.
The Intergovernmental Working Group considered the draft recommendation at its 11th to 14th meetings, on 30 and 31 January 2003.
Since the amendment of 17 December 1963 (resolution 1991 (XVIII) of 17 December 1965) entered into force on 31 August 1965, the General Assembly, in the non-permanent membership of the Security Council, has increased from 6 to 10.
Mr. Yishaki Yich (Japan) was filled to fill the term of office until 31 December 2004.
* Term of office expires on 31 December 2003.
Report of the Secretary-General (A/56/66)
International cooperation in the peaceful uses of outer space
References for the fifty-seventh session (agenda item 88)
In accordance with General Assembly resolutions 45/175 of 18 December 1990 and 46/140 of 17 December 1991, the General Assembly of the General Assembly shall consider the issue in a number of years every year.
Thirdly, the Economic and Social Council must strengthen its role as part of the programme and institutions of the United Nations system within its competence, as well as with its subsidiary bodies, such as the Commission on Human Rights and the Commission on Sustainable Development.
The Task Force for the International Strategy for Disaster Reduction is the main institutional mechanism of the Strategy and has been integrated to consolidate each function.
The Ministry of Planning of the Family Planning Association is a voluntary non-governmental organization, which was established in 1962, as a leader of the Kenya family planning campaign.
Please describe the organizational or mechanisms of your Government to identify and investigate the relevant financial networks of Osama bin Laden, Al-Qaida or Taliban-related financial networks in your jurisdiction, or those who provide support to them or to individuals, groups or entities associated with them.
The meeting was chaired by G.E. Mr. Giroen (Guatemala).
There is no doubt that effective coordination between the United Nations and the African Union and regional actors and organizations must also be accompanied by continuous financial assistance so that these actors and institutions are able to meet peacekeeping responsibilities in Africa and countries.
United Nations Children's Fund
Although 69 per cent of respondents indicated that national policies are equal for all, regardless of gender, and the continued access of women and girls to the various economic, legal and social barriers, and increased their vulnerability to HIV/AIDS.
By 2005, the proportion of infants infected with HIV infection increased from 20 per cent to 50 per cent in 2010, ensuring that 80 per cent of pregnant women receive prenatal care and to reduce the risk of transmission of mother-to-child transmission.
The long-term maintenance of effective responses must be developed and the establishment and maintenance of institutional capacities must be developed.
The review of existing practice within the United Nations system showed that the following new characteristics are to be used in the light of the results of the evaluation of the experience of the country at the national level:
These workshops and meetings were held in conjunction with the annual session of the Committee and the Scientific and Technical Subcommittee.
In the light of this important expansion and recognition of the increase in WMO's responsibilities, the Economic and Social Organization of WMO agreed to be a priority for the WMO space programme.
It is proposed that new strategies promote the availability and accessibility of data, in view of the use of the GCOS and research community to address global environmental issues in the use of meteorological research and research.
As indicated in the report of the Secretary-General, significant progress has been made in implementing the mandate of the United Nations in Timor-Leste.
These institutions and sectors are: United Nations Department for Disarmament Affairs (Department of Disarmament), United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs, the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), the World Food Programme (WFP), the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO), the World Health Organization (WHO), the World Health Organization (WHO) and the United Nations Office at Geneva (OHCHR).
(b) (ii) Any other period of any activity to be held in the context of the contract of carriage of carriage, provided that the loss, damage or delay occur during the period of operation.
The second option was selected, and the last sentence was in square brackets.
One of the concerns raised in paragraph 103 of A/CN.9/526, which should be deleted (see para. (d), should be deleted to maintain the unilateral nature of any directives that may be made by the controlling party, rather than to the provisions of the contract of carriage, because the latter needs to agree with a common agreement.
OIOS also found that the succession plan for the appointment or replacement of investment management staff had not been established.
The specific purpose of the Working Group is to test and analyse the procedures used by other countries in such situations.
I would like to point out four points.
UNIDO should focus on identifying the social responsibility of companies in the developing world leading to a significant increase in productivity and marketing projects; it should assist SMEs in developing countries in the development of a clear, realistic approach to the social responsibility of companies in developing countries, and to facilitate the provision of training and tools for SMEs.
In accordance with the rules of procedure of the Board, corrections may be made within seven days after the receipt of the present record or the closure of the current session of the session.
For the issuance of documents that have not been issued so far, the estimates are presented and issued.
In order to create employment and commitment to the implementation of the Beijing Declaration and Programme of Action, ILO implements international programmes to assist in the development of the action plan for women's employment within the framework of poverty eradication strategies.
Transportation
He regretted that the meeting did not reach agreement on agricultural tariffs and agricultural subsidies, which had been reached as a result of the adoption of the resolution, which would contribute to the growth of $54 million in poverty or rich countries, and would help to ensure that the world's population had been rescued from poverty in the world.
We hope that the High-level Dialogue on Financing for Development will create a new situation in order to maximize the strength of international cooperation to increase investment in development projects and projects.
At the same time, a bill on racial discrimination and ethnic discrimination is being studied.
The Republic of Madagascar explained that the focus of the Division of Forests was the implementation of the revised Convention on Forests Act No. 97/1997 of 8 August 1997, as well as the development and approval of strategic action plans, including the strengthening of the strategic action plan, including the strengthening of customs officials, to improve the management of natural heritage and the protection of biodiversity.
Paragraph 4
Requests all relevant United Nations bodies, including at the national level, to take due consideration of the Declaration and the Special Representative, in accordance with their mandate and work, and requests the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to draw attention to the report of the Special Representative of the United Nations, including at the national level, to the attention of the Special Representative of the United Nations;
At the same time, she also welcomed the joint statement of the ministerial statement of the Commission on Narcotic Drugs at its forty-sixth session and the various international efforts to implement the Plan of Action for the Implementation of the International Drug Demand Reduction Standards.
She stressed the importance of ministers' recommendations on national drug control strategies and the corresponding measures to reduce drug abuse in 2008.
The complaint
She took note of the fact that 44 per cent of the recommendations of the ICAO Technical Cooperation Agency had not been implemented and urged the Secretariat to accelerate the pace and to implement the remaining recommendations.
Further clarification should be made on the need to develop a number of final performance reports (para. 20).
The delegation of the United States wishes to look at the technical analysis of the recommendations by the Inspectors and hoped that the Advisory Committee had endorsed the recommendation.
(b) Integration of users of users in the design and implementation of the plan of planning within the common management system.
Other matters
• The Bureau will consist of five existing positions: Chairman, Vice-Chairmen and Rapporteur; the Chairman of the Legal Subcommittee; the Chairman of the Scientific and Technical Subcommittee.
He urged developed countries to increase the proportion of gross national product for official development assistance, mitigate the burden of external debt of developing countries and to enable developing countries to open their markets to enable developing countries to integrate in international economic and social, from globalization and to narrow the gap between the developed countries.
In order to enhance the efficiency of the shared cooperation between the Eurasian Economic Community and the United Nations, the relationship between the two parties should be strengthened in a stable and stable manner, with the support of the Community in the United Nations General Assembly in order to enhance the cooperation between the parties and enhance the capacity of the parties to secure the security of the world and in the area of peace.
Recalling also its resolution 2002/25 of 24 July 2002 and other relevant United Nations resolutions,
The authorities of the Territories are also studying the Optional Protocol to the Convention on the involvement of children in armed conflict with a view to acceding to the Protocol.
The Secretary-General has just reminded the Commission's attention to a comprehensive written clarification of its informal meetings.
The Committee noted that, despite the fact that the report contains a wide range of information on the legal provisions of the legal provisions that have been entered into force since the last report, it lacked information on the practical implementation of the Convention.
Introduction
The report and replies are contained in CAT/C/75/7.
In accordance with rule 11 of the rules of procedure of the General Assembly, the Committee urges the State party to fully investigate the facts of 15 April 1995 and to prosecute and punish the responsibility of the complainant to the complainant, including the provision of equitable and adequate compensation, including the provision of equitable and adequate compensation, and to inform the Committee on the steps taken by the Committee within 90 days of the present decision.
The right of his right to the right of torture was severely injured by his right to be subjected to his right to the death of torture.
11.11 In the report of 3 July 2001 (see para. 2.8), the State party stated that the organization was beginning to the report that it is clear that the report of the United Nations would not be judged by the risk that the complainant would take place in the event of his departure, because the organization could not take the necessary investigation.
2.2 The Committee's consideration of the question is that the State party's imposition of the forced repatriation of the Sudan is a breach of the obligations under article 3 of the Convention, namely, if there is a lack of justification for believing that a person to be subjected to torture would be subjected to torture or to return to the country.
The facts as submitted by the complainant
4.3 With respect to the complainant's claim under article 3, the State party argues that the abuse of ill-treatment in prisons in Spain does not prove to prove the practice of torture in the country.
The Council took note of the intention of the Contact Group to undertake substantive and substantive contributions to the Special Representative of the Secretary-General for its review.
The Guide explored the relative applicability of the insolvency law in the context of the insolvency law.
Equatorial Guinea has repeatedly expressed its country's position in international forums and forums, and the President of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the United States of America, held in New York on 11 September 2001, held the first anniversary of the terrorist attacks on 11 September 2001, with a view to the need to assist, support and protect Equatorial Guinea from the serious threat posed by international terrorism and transnational crime.
Jamaica
Security Council
On the other hand, the first registered secured creditor could be able to preserve its own right to protect the encumbered assets in the encumbered asset when verifying the right to security in the secured creditor.
One alternative or supplementary approach is to identify the transfer of the transferee of the secured creditor who may be subject to a assignment of the assignment of the assignment of the assignment of the assignment of the assignment, to avoid the situation of a third-party creditor.
A detailed degree of information on the relationship between the parties and the relationship between the parties to the public record is enhanced, and the system-based registration system strengthens the confidentiality of the relationship between the relationship and the secured creditor.
However, it could also be possible to retain the right of the third party to the extent that the secured creditor's obligation to comply with the obligations of the secured creditor can be used.
The consultants are working on the drafting of the guidelines under the support and guidance of experts.
Reaffirming that the World Conference on Human Rights, held in Vienna in 1993, called for the urgent need to eliminate the deprivation of liberty and human rights violations;
See chap. ]
Concerned that women belonging to minorities, indigenous women, refugee women and internally displaced persons, migrant women, women living in rural or remote communities, women in rural or remote communities, poor women, persons with disabilities or detainees in armed conflict, are often victims of violence or particularly vulnerable to violence, while others are subjected to discrimination, while others are subjected to discrimination,
Urges States to consider ratifying or acceding to the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime and its two Protocols — the Protocol to Prevent, Suppress and Punish Trafficking in Persons, Especially Women and Children, supplementing the Protocol to Prevent, Suppress and Punish Trafficking in Persons, Especially Women and Children;
States should be committed to establishing a global security environment for cooperation and mutual trust, ensuring universal security of all members of the international community, thereby eliminating the acquisition, development and retention of nuclear weapons in some countries.
In many cases, trade, development and development programmes are used as indicators of achievement rather than target indicators.
26 Oceania Flash, 23 October 2002 and the Economist Intelligence Service, op. cit., 18 December 2002.
There is no significant information on Iraq, not only in a thorough review of the information provided during the present report.
In the spirit of negotiations on the peaceful settlement of disputes between States and countries of nations, it reflects the spirit of the Charter of the United Nations, which would reflect the spirit of the Charter of the United Nations and the Governments of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland to continue to engage in constructive dialogue with the Governments of the Falkland Islands (Malvinas).
Please provide this response as a document of the United Nations, for all representatives to use the items under agenda item 11 (a).
The estimates for the 2003/04 estimates include the provision of replacement of 132 computers.
Annex II
The status of ratification of the Kyoto Protocol; the rules of procedure for the Conference of the Parties serving as the rules of procedure of the Conference of the Parties; the agenda; election of officers; participation of observer organizations; arrangements for accreditation of observers, including the sessions of the subsidiary bodies; and the dates and venue of the Conference of the Parties serving as the meeting of the Parties to the Kyoto Protocol;
He noted that these attempts to diversify their export diversification to reduce their poverty levels by reducing their poverty levels, indicating the link between poverty levels and their ability to diversify the productive structure, he stressed the importance of the export structure of the country in its development efforts.
At its closing plenary meeting, on 4 December 2002, the Council adopted the agreed conclusions on agenda item 2.
Opening of the session by the President of the Council.
European Community
Despite some progress in the last year, the Special Rapporteur outlined the issue of concern, and it was suggested that it is still pending.
In 2003, more than 3 million people around the world have died in HIV/AIDS, estimated about 500,000 people living with HIV/AIDS (HIV), bringing a total of 4 million people worldwide.
Although the initial HIV/AIDS is considered as a health problem, today is increasingly recognized as a development, security and human rights issue.
The information and knowledge generated by this collaboration raise awareness of the risk of the risk of HIV infection among women and women.
Working Group on the International Liability of Damage arising from the injurious consequences of acts of conduct
International fragmentation: difficulties arising from the diversification and expansion of international law.
The Government has been slow and limited in the establishment of an effective system of justice.
The events in January 2003 brought enormous burdens on the new defence and police forces in Timor-Leste, resulting in violations of the law and constitute human rights violations.
The view was also expressed that the report should be more appropriately reflected in the strategic strategy adopted by the United Nations system on the Millennium Development Goals adopted by the United Nations system in June 2002, and the various aspects of the Millennium Project, as well as the comprehensive framework of the global and global levels, to facilitate the development of the Millennium Development Goals at the global and global levels.
General Assembly
(g) Office of the United Nations Compensation Programme: proposed budget for the biennium 2002-2003;
Table 11 provides a budget reduction for the implementation of the recommendations of the Advisory Committee on non-post objects, including the recommendations of the Committee, as well as the recommendations of the Advisory Committee on non-post objects, including the recommendations of the Committee and the impact of the general operating cycle.
10.10 The Advisory Committee recommends that the arrangements for the provision of support to the Security Council in the context of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 will be reviewed in order to streamline these arrangements, as well as to the appropriate support capacity, to improve the efficiency of all activities and to improve the efficiency of the activities of the various activities, and to provide the full use of staff and other support services (A/57/7/Add.17, para.
The Advisory Committee was informed that the current proposal for the restoration of information technology resources in 2002-2003 was the amount of $40,600, (for recosting), for the expansion of the resources in excess of $113,800 (see paras.
At its consideration of the budget, the Committee was informed that the ECE secretariat was proactive and made to discuss meetings and publications of the ECE representatives.
Section 24 Human rights
Resource growth includes the restoration of approximately $2 million (for recosting).
In March 2003, a independent human rights department had been established to replace the human rights sector under the Ministry of Justice.
It reported that its HIV/AIDS prevention and control plan were coordinated with the national AIDS programme and refugee civil society.
Situation of human rights in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Moreover, in the case of terrorist acts committed outside Costa Rica, or if such acts do not exist, articles 274 and 374 of the Penal Code provides legal penalties for terrorist acts or international organizations.
In this regard, the bill is intended to amend articles 274 and 374 of the Penal Code on illegal organizations.
For the purposes of the Foundation, its legal status is established in accordance with article 533 of 28 August 1973 and the Foundation established that article 1 of the Foundation recognizes the status of the person's appropriate legal personality, such as the absence of a wealth of the public cause of the public, and the deployment of fixed assets for the purpose of establishing fixed assets for the purposes of education, charitable, artistic, scientific activities and all social welfare activities.
The Committee urges the State party to intensify its efforts to provide greater support to single parents.
At the same time, in accordance with the agreement reached by the Chief of Staff of the President of Pretoria in March 2003, the Congolese armed forces deployed in Kinshasa will be deployed in the camps and monitored by MONUC military observers.
On 1 January 2003, the Special Committee composed of 23 member States:
Review of work
In this regard, the Special Committee notes that the programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 provided the resources of the Special Committee for the period 2004-2005, as approved in the 2003 programme of work, without prejudice to the decision taken at its fifty-eighth session.
Representatives of regional organizations
Many of the Territories have made considerable progress in political, constitutional, economic and social development and made considerable progress in self-government.
It was noted that the economic situation in some regions had resulted in increased migration in the coca bush area, while in order to deal with drug-related law enforcement efforts, the illicit drug processing points had increased from rural areas.
At its same meeting, the Commission considered draft resolution A/CN.7/2003/L.10, entitled “Measures to promote the use of the new characteristics and materials of drugs” (E/CN.7/2003/L.10), which was sponsored by the sponsors of Benin, Egypt, Greece (on behalf of the European Union, Switzerland and the United States of America).
(a) Changes in the scope of substance control;
Soli Nava, Fiji Ministry of Health
• To allow access to all documents related to activities related to nuclear activities (e.g., the exchange of information, the exchange of information between the Government and the implementation of the organization, the meetings of the meetings and the computer files) and allow them to take measures to provide proper forensic analysis in the field or other local (e.g. the location, reproduction).
C. Attendance
Communication No. 933/2000: Adrien Mundo Bonoo, Thomas Oudud Yongsii, Rééuu Muubuuk et al. v. Democratic Republic of the Congo (Views adopted on 31 July 2003)
The Human Rights Committee, established under article 28 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights,
On 22 September 1988, the High Court of Tanzania ruled that he was detained without delay.
3.2 The author also argues that article 14, paragraph 3, of the Covenant was violated, since the criminal proceedings continued to be over 15 years.
6.1 On 12 September 2002, the State party responded to the request of the Committee to submit a precise time for the submission of the communication by the author of the author's son and the State party.
7.2 On the admissibility of the author's claim on the admissibility of the author, as well as her daughter and from the natural origin, the Committee referred to a precedent, stating that the parties must be able to make a convincing justification in the absence of the authorization of the mandate, which may be sent to others.
On 20 July 1999, the Minister granted the Minister's appeal on 15 February 1999 and considered that the Court of Appeal of the Court of Appeal had ruled in the case of “the most difficult case”, although it was a case of the evidence, and that it was appropriate to weigh the factors of conflicting conflicting factors.
The State party adds that it is clear that article 7 is the danger of breach of the threat, and the need for the future to return and unforeseen consequences is a violation of their rights.
Communication No. 933/2000: Adrian Mundo Bonoo, Thomas Oudud Yongsii, Rééuu Muubuka et al. v. Democratic Republic of the Congo (Views adopted on 31 July 2003)
For this reason, you shall not be entitled to provide a pension for the purposes of this law.”
The presence of the military officer in the region since 1990 was the result of Amasas, which was later killed by terrorist attacks.
Accordingly, the State party provides means and facilities for the wrongful act.
4.4 The State party does not recognize the absence of legislation on age-based discrimination in the absence of the existence of the case of the author's findings.
The body of the Convention mandated to perform or consider the communication of the communication is not the Committee's decision.
The facts as submitted by the author
Comments by the author on the State party's observations
They noted that the State party had not contested these arguments.
On 4 July 2001, the High Court granted a section Cabal, which was held on 2 August 2001 on the release of the appeal.
In 1989 the detention of all detainees in the custody of all detainees was constructed in the six-month centres, but the opening of the six-week post-long-week police is being held in the case of the six-week detention centres.
Subsequently, the other members of the organization and other organizations are aware of the fact that there is no education law (the Education Act No. 157 and the Act on Education) (article 5 of the Act on the Law of Education), which prohibits the publication of the secondary school language of secondary schools.
8.8 The author adds that Norway's legal law on the use of rights since its invasion, in accordance with the interpretation and practice of the Court's courts, is a violation of article 17.
On the contrary, if they have not been able to determine the right to adequate housing, the interests of Sami people have been guaranteed through the protection mechanism.
On 4 February 2000, these committees reached a agreement on their respective groups.
However, the author did not provide information that the Supreme Court's decision No. 1897 of the Supreme Court of 1997 had not been heard by the Supreme Court in 1997 in 1997 and whether it was not a matter of bias.
On 2 February 1997, he was officially charged with murder of murder, and on 7 February 1997, he had been detained by him.
2.3 According to the author, the Secretary-General confirmed that the date had shown that the date for the filing of the stay for the court was held on Friday, 24 June 1994 and could be applied to the last day.
17.17 On 2 December 1998, the Supreme Court found the author guilty of the offence and sentenced him to six months of imprisonment, which could be allowed to leave bail and ordered the complainant's compensation to the complainant.
The Tribunal has not yet been able to decide on this request, but that it is the reasonable expectation of the success of this request, because it has always been consistent with the illegal administrative decisions of the State, and that the failure of the Government to assume its legal responsibilities (the Administrative Court, 26 January 1973, p. 77).
At this point, the Court of Appeal was satisfied that the author's failure to do so would not be able to take a more clear consideration of the current location, such as the presence of the victims in his life, because of the recognition of the use of radioactive drugs in the case of Clorazil, as well as the fact that the author's insistence on the use of radioactive drugs and the possibility of the protection of social and dangerous treatment, as well as the need for the author to be in a very successful way.
The Committee drew attention to the decision of the Committee of Jamaica (No. 3030/1998), which was adopted on 7 April 1994 and the decision of the Griff v. Spain (Act No. 49/19923), which was adopted on 4 April 1995.
In the case of Safaf and Bulgaria's Electricity Corporation, the International Standing Court, Judgment, A/B.2/56/7, p. 72.
The substantive cooperation needed to require Iraq's obligation to fulfil its obligations to declare all weapons of mass destruction programmes, or to declare the destruction of items and activities, or to submit evidence of the evidence, and to make evidence of the evidence that there is no no ban or activities.
Our Iraq has said that there is no ban on the items and that they should be seen as innocent as evidence of evidence.
A clear example is the fact that Iraq's nuclear explosive explosives, which states that, in the first part of the 1998 International Atomic Energy Agency in Iraq, it had been used to be used in the cement of the industrial mining.
Recommendation of the Fifth Committee
In accordance with the rules and procedures of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council and the Commission on Sustainable Development, the Intergovernmental Panel on Forests and the Intergovernmental Forum on Forests, a number of representatives of intergovernmental organizations and major groups of intergovernmental organizations and major groups of interested expertise may be invited to participate in the activities of the [ Hoc Group of Experts] [E/CN.4/Sub.2/2000/PV] [E/CN.4/Sub.2/2000/L.2] [E/CN.4/Sub.2/2000/L.2].
Currently, 60 of the 165 districts in the south and south have been considered to be in the areas of high-level risk.
E. Human rights questions
In addition, efforts are needed to promote the development of economic and social integration, which is essential for the development of individual types of development.
If the State does not guarantee its right to survival, these communities will not be able to achieve the cultural, social and economic integrity of the Constitution.
In addition, some enterprises have been able to use and take into account the high cost of sustainable development in the context of human rights, or to take into account the cost of the sustainable development of human rights, and to allow them to suspend, cancel or invest.
Thus, in such cases, article 18 of the Money Laundering Act and article 18 of the Code of Criminal Procedure are also entirely used to freeze funds related to terrorism or terrorist organizations without delay.
As noted in paragraph 1 of the memorandum and the statements made by the Secretary-General, the representatives of the Conference of the Parties to the Conference of the Parties serving as the President of the General Assembly at its second session, from 40 countries to the Conference of the Parties serving as the rules of procedure of the Conference of the Parties, are: Australia, Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Cambodia, Denmark, Denmark, Denmark, Poland, Poland, Poland, Poland, the Republic of Korea, Slovakia, the Republic of Korea, Slovakia, the Republic of Korea, Slovakia, the Republic of Korea, Slovakia, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the United Republic of Tanzania, the United Republic of Tanzania, the United Republic of Tanzania and Uruguay.
United Nations
Article 8, paragraph 3, of the Non-Governmental Organizations Act (OEC) provides that foreign and stateless persons may participate in a non-governmental organization in Azerbaijan as citizens of Azerbaijan.
Private initiatives in agriculture.
Reaffirms the right of everyone to participate in the cultural life of the society and to enjoy their artistic and share the benefits of scientific progress and their benefits;
In accordance with the provisions of the Fund, the project must be regulated by women, and these projects need to be innovative and that other similar enterprises in the field are not a competition.
The first class was opened in June 2001 (NBP) and the European Cultural Management Centre (NBP) and the European Cultural Management Centre (CONCAT).
This is a project for two urban sports and recreation sectors.
Paragraph 1
A number of electronic business processes identified by States have been identified (OECD 2003) and a partial definition of the definition:
We will explore the possibility of using data links between electronic commerce and technology surveys and other production censuses.
World Bank (2003).
The European Union attaches particular importance to the Committee's work.
The President: The Committee will now take action on the draft decision contained in document A/C.4/58/L.17, entitled “Report on disarmament and international security”.
Step 3: Nuclear material cut-off treaty negotiations
Requests the Secretary-General to provide the Working Group with the necessary services and assistance for its work.
Consideration of reports 23
Any legislative provisions that would include racist crimes as a result of racist motivation are not included in any legislative provisions of the commission of racist motivation, nor that the law of the Court should take into account the legislative provisions of racist motives.
Children with disabilities
The Committee welcomes the adoption of strategies aimed at strengthening the rights of Roma children in health services and integration in the education of the Roma child, as well as through education and education providers, as well as in the Roma language.
A special review of gender equality issues recommended that a policy on gender equality in the country was developed and recommended in selected projects.
Most of them are primary to primary care, or treatment of medical care in hospitals.
The Labour Code recognizes the trade union trade union, multi-employed trade union, independent practitioners and temporary labour unions.
If women are subjected to pregnancy after childbirth, their post-natal leave should be extended to the extension of a specific period of time to be determined by the provision of preventive or curative medical care.
After the opening, eight-line-line programmes have carried out a number of tasks and actions, and the ongoing assessment of these tasks and operations was constantly evaluated and expanded and improved.
In 2000, Teng fever also included the screening of diseases.
With support to support and other forms of support and incentives, the number of students registered in 1998 and 1998 increased to 278,611 per cent, indicating that more than 10 per cent had risen.
These schools have also benefited from the focus of the National Learning Programme.
Table 3
“17. Requests the Secretary-General to facilitate and take appropriate measures to encourage the participation of academic research communities in the Eleventh Congress, in accordance with previous practice, as well as meetings of non-governmental organizations and professional organizations in the Eleventh Congress, as well as in the meetings of professional groups and geographical interests groups;
Many indigenous representatives discussed common education issues, including the level of enrolment rates in school enrolment, rates and graduation rates throughout the age of compulsory and compulsory education.
The United Nations has established a Ad Hoc Open-ended Working Group on the General Assembly on the follow-up to the United Nations Conference on the Follow-up to the United Nations, and we commend the implementation of and follow-up to the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits and the outcomes of the Economic and Social Council.
The annual meeting of States Parties will be prepared in November.
This strategy should overcome any gaps and limitations in the existing nuclear non-proliferation regime.
The Declaration also recognizes the need for more technical assistance and capacity-building support to developing countries and LDCs in this area, including policy analysis and development, to enable them to better assess the development policies and objectives of their development policies and objectives, as well as human development and institutional development, and to achieve the Declaration's commitment to intergovernmental organizations, including through appropriate regional or bilateral channels, with other relevant intergovernmental organizations.
For the purposes of this instrument,
A warning and risk-based sex education is early at the earliest possible date.
Most border checkpoints can be used through satellite connections.
The present document of the parties, neighbouring countries and the United Nations meant that the provisions of the plan should be agreed.
From 1990 to 1999, the index of primary school enrolment in developing countries was increased from 0.7.7 per cent to 0.99 per cent in the primary school school enrolment rate.
This difference is not limited to a single age, but the evidence discussed in this report is only among adults.
In developing countries, health-care knowledge and behaviour are the underlying causes of the prevalence of the infant mortality rate.
e Data data are available to students (school students), excluding students from school students.
(i) Parliamentary documentation: preparation and issuance of documents to the General Assembly and the Economic and Social Council and its subsidiary organs, as well as the documents of the ad hoc and special sessions of the United Nations under the auspices of the United Nations, including the tentative list, provisional agenda and the final agenda and the work of the special session of the special session of the General Assembly, including the tentative list of items, provisional agenda and the final agenda and the draft decisions of the General Assembly, the report of the Secretary-General on the organization of the work of the General Assembly and the list of resolutions and decisions of the General Assembly and the list of resolutions and decisions adopted by the General Assembly;
The strategic strategy for the biennium is to strengthen the provision and editorial functions of the information provided to minimize the delays in the processing process.
Subprogramme 2
All of these acts are contrary to the resolutions adopted by the international community, and the resolution noted that the illegal nature of these acts, which calls upon Israel to withdraw from land, is not justified.
My delegation also wishes to thank the United Nations for its commendable efforts to alleviate the impact of natural disasters through the international community, and to pay particular attention to the needs of developing countries in this process.
The special session of the Commission on Human Rights did not provide an opportunity to review the progress achieved in 1990, but also for us to make an opportunity to achieve a better and better future to the world.
These include HIV/AIDS, trafficking in children and commercial sexual exploitation, maternal and neonatal mortality, and child malnutrition.
More than 1 million children continue to live in extreme poverty, and more children are educated, and more child education is inadequate; in developing countries, more than 1.5 million children are malnourished, and a total of 1,100 million children die from preventable diseases, which are in the case of the success of the disease?
The plan of action is comprehensive, including strategies aimed at prevention, implementation and implementation, protection and repatriation, and reintegration.
The staffing requirements for the Professional level for 2003 are contained in annex II.
On 26 November 2003, the Committee held a informal meeting to discuss the report of the delegation of the region.
Summary of the activities of experts
Response:
I have received a letter from the President of the General Assembly.
Subsequently, Afghanistan, Albania, Andorra, Belgium, Benin, Bolivia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, Canada, Côte d'Ivoire, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Republic of Korea, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Republic of Korea, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Moldova, Ukraine, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Ukraine, Ukraine, Ukraine and Zimbabwe joined in sponsoring the draft resolution.
Recognizes that international economic, commercial and financial fields are closely linked to the implementation of the right to development, in which the importance of strengthening the international policy base for the expansion of development issues is essential to fill the gaps in institutional institutions, strengthening the gap between the United Nations system and other multilateral institutions, and stresses the need to enhance greater and stronger participation in the international economic and non-discriminatory standards of international economic and social development;
Calls upon States to pay particular attention to the situation of vulnerable groups, including positive measures to ensure the full realization of the right to the highest attainable standard of physical and mental health;
Decides to consider this issue at its sixtieth session under the item entitled “Human rights questions”.
Deeply concerned at the violence, racism and other forms of discrimination, xenophobia and other forms of discrimination against migrants in different regions of the world, particularly against women and children,
Recommendations
In addition, linkages between mutual links are becoming more closely linked to the establishment of a cooperative relationship with shipping companies or other transport companies.
E. Future activities: impact on trade facilitation
Article 14 of the Penal Code provides that the criminal legislation of the Republic of Tajikistan shall be effective in accordance with the law of the State of Tajikistan, in accordance with the law of the State of Tajikistan or in the possession of an unlawful navigation or the offence of an unlawful navigation or the offence of unlawful navigation.
Are any relevant treaty in the State party as a party to the State party to act as extraditable offences under international conventions and protocols?
The executive direction and management of the Executive Director are the responsibility of the Executive Director, including the New York Liaison Service.
(b) Proposed organization of work (A/AC.265/L.2);
(Signed) Inocencio Arias President of the Security Council
The requirements required may include special and specific assets, resulting in cost costs and expanded transaction costs.
See International Institute for Environment and Development, op. cit.
The Chairman made a statement.
Liechtenstein's legislation is responsible for all States parties, in particular the Ministry of Defence, the intelligence sector and private security companies to cooperate with a common cooperation in combating kidnapping.
Members called upon the parties to cooperate fully with MONUC and third-party verification mechanisms.
Other funds
Other matters
Human resources management and payroll system
As the financial oversight function of the Department of Peacekeeping Operations and the Finance Division has been overlapping, it is therefore possible to increase the difficulties in the harmonization of financial responsibilities in both interdepartmental.
In view of the fact that the family ownership of the family does not indicate that it can be used for women in the family, gender-disaggregated statistics will also be important.
The situation between Iraq and Kuwait
Indeed, the differences are a target of the Iraqi leadership.
This is why I can say that any decision taken by the Iraqi people, as well as in the form of a democratic approach, is acceptable to Turkey.
Note by the Secretariat*
Many Parties estimate that, even if the most recent measures presented at the end of the 1990s, they may be able to meet the Kyoto goal.
Affirms that intercultural dialogue are generally rich to the common understanding of human rights and affirms that the international contacts and cooperation that encourage the promotion and development of the culture of cultural areas can have important benefits;
General debate
Some delegations expressed the view that they should review the responsibilities and circumstances of the “State non-state”.
However, some delegations expressed the view that the need for a special treatment should be allowed to identify the perpetrators of the truth.
In comparison, 16 countries in 2000 were indicative for 2001.
Let us work together so that this day will come back as a result of the specific efforts of the Commission and other multilateral frameworks, in full cooperation with the capital of the world, particularly in the capital of the world, and that the State's priorities will soon happen.
Secondly, the media widely reported, and the report of the Monitoring Team contains a worrying fact that Al-Qaida has decided to use chemical and biological weapons.
The next item will be discussed immediately if the item was concluded at the time of the item.
Norway
New Zealand
(a) Date and place;
(a) The meetings of the seminar shall be held in public meetings, but the President finds that a private meeting shall be subject to the exception of a private meeting.
Clearly, there is no real peace in the Middle East without a solution to Israel's relations with the Syrian Arab Republic and Lebanon.
The achievement of development and achievement will depend on positive development and the participation of the international community in the overall security situation.
Mr. Vassvov (Bulgaria): First, I would like to thank you, Mr. President, for organizing this important meeting on the security situation in Afghanistan, and we have the opportunity to hear an excellent briefing to Ambassador, Brown and Mr. Guéhenno, Ambassador of the Western village.
(d) To use the use of the best medical survey to improve treatment programmes, carry out an appropriate assessment, effective case management and full follow-up support;
Our responsibility is the audit opinion for these financial statements.
The plan is based on the premiums of field staff, UNHCR's contributions and income-sharing.
(i) Miscellaneous income
Notes
The Board recommends that the Department of Peacekeeping Operations develop a methodology to determine the best number of staff required for the effective management of contingent-owned equipment systems, taking into account the changing situation of the Mission, and the Board's recommendation to the Board.
d In accordance with the provisions of General Assembly resolution 56/50 of 27 June 2002, the total amount of $18,068,686 for assessed contributions for the period ended 30 June 2001 amounted to the unencumbered balance of $12,488,8667 and $550,000 for other income and other income.
In order to mark the International Day of Violence against Women, the Ministry of Women's Affairs organized a national working meeting on domestic violence.
I commend the Government and the international community in close coordination with the international community, and urges the Government of Afghanistan to take the necessary steps to continue to reform its security institutions, while maintaining the support of the international community to the security sector.
Reaffirming the importance of preferential tariff systems as an essential mechanism for facilitating access to international markets for alternative products,
The situation in Afghanistan
The 2001 challenge is to consolidate fragile peace.
In addition, we believe that nuclear weapons in the nuclear-weapon States and the nuclear weapons possessing nuclear weapons are free of the continuing threat to human security and survival.
In order to effectively utilize the remaining time and facilities of the Committee, I expect to cooperate fully with delegations in order to enable the First Committee to complete its work in a constructive manner.
Agricultural subsidies, such as agricultural crops, plantations and livestock, reduce the impact of forests, resulting from deforestation.
The Special Rapporteur visited the situation in the region in September 1994 and recognized the gravity of the conflict in September 1994 as a result of the complaints received from different nationalities.
The second expert meeting discussed discussions on the legal definition of mercenaries, and it was equally stated that the definition contained in article 1 of the International Convention on the Law of 1989.
Determined to encourage strict adherence to the purposes and principles contained in the Charter of the United Nations,
At its 6th meeting, on 4 October, the Chairman said that the Secretariat informed him that the United Nations Conference on Western Sahara, New Caledonia and American Samoa, Anguilla, Bermuda, the British Virgin Islands, Guam, Montserrat, Montserrat, Pitcairn, the Turks and Caicos Islands and the United States Virgin Islands had no programme budget implications.
The Government of Ecuador will notify the Committee as soon as possible.
If there is a further assumption of 30 per cent of the investment groups in cooperation, the need for the commercial lender to meet 50 per cent of the total of all risks, and about 25 per cent of the project costs are paid for the first period of the project or beneficiary, and the investment value of the US$ 2 billion is likely to be an increase in the investment value of $2 billion.
Takes note of the adoption by the Council of Ministers of the Organization of African Unity on the adoption of decisions adopted by the Council of Ministers of the Organization of African Unity on the entry into force of the Bamako Convention on the Transboundary Waste and Control of Transboundary Movements of Transboundary Movements of Transboundary Movements (LIV),
In the first meeting of the Intergovernmental International Conference on Transit Transport Cooperation (UNCTAD/LDC/2003/88) of the International Conference for Landlocked and Transit Developing Countries and Donor Countries and International Financial and Development Institutions on Transit Transport Cooperation (August), the secretariat contributed to the preparation of UNCTAD's report on the challenges and opportunities of the transport systems and economic development of landlocked and transit developing countries (UNCTAD/LDC/2003/88) and provide further details on trade and trade negotiations.
Two secretariats organized regional capacity-building workshops with the WTO trade and environmental regional workshops.
These items or a high value, or a heavy nature (“the Valuation Items”).
Today, let us unite the world's poor chain of poverty.
We need to preserve the role of the United Nations and ensure that all States, irrespective of their size, comply with the Charter of the United Nations.
As a debt of the debtor, it will be a long-old poverty?
We firmly believe that these modest reforms will make greater attention to the deliberations of the General Assembly, which will also contribute to the full debate of the debate, thereby making a more efficient decision.
2003/3 Programme budget and budgets
Referring to the General Assembly resolution 56/227 of 24 December 2001, the Secretary-General called upon the Secretary-General to strengthen the operational capacity of UNCTAD and other organizations and agencies of the United Nations system to support the operational capacity of recipient countries, particularly in developing countries, in particular the least developed countries, small island developing States and small island developing States; and others asked whether UNCTAD would take any measures to ensure that the activities of the least developed countries, landlocked developing countries and small island developing States should be supported.
Iraq has now been a management board, which is the first one of a truly representative body.
Both sides have identified the path to peace, all of whom are the date of the peace of the day.
President Brahimi (spoke in French): Sergio Vieira de Mello is proud of the United Nations.
The fight against international terrorism is the forefront of Croatia's priorities.
The political system of the Korean nation is a mixed President of the Parliament's system and is different to the President.
In summary, the violation of violations and the compensation of the claim are twofold.
[Original: French]
Introduction 1 - 6 3
Draft resolution I
The Ituri brigade in the Mission was composed of 4,800 military personnel, including four battalions and auxiliary units.
MONUC has taken several actions, in addition to the seizure of weapons in Bunia and detained some of the individuals suspected of their weapons.
Despite these challenges, humanitarian organizations continue to provide assistance in all access areas and to assess the country's ability to enter into areas.
The report, inter alia, identified several matters to be taken by the Forum.
In indicator of achievement (d), replace the words “best practice” to replace best practices in the implementation of the results of the annual programme of the Department.”
In the objective of the objective, replace the words “in the Millennium Declaration” with the words “in the priority objectives of the medium-term plan”, taking into account the General Assembly resolution 55/2 (Millennium Declaration).
Also recommends that the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, together with the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization, in collaboration with all Member States, in accordance with paragraph 21 of the Commission on Human Rights resolution 2003/70 of 25 April 2003, encourages Governments to participate in meetings, workshops and other activities at the regional and national levels on the achievements and shortcomings of human rights education in the country and at the national level;
Discrimination against persons who are released
Taking note of the report of the Commission on Human Rights on the rights of persons belonging to ethnic or ethnic, religious and linguistic minorities,
Taking into account the resolutions of the Commission on Human Rights on the elimination of violence against women, including resolution 2003/45 of 23 April 2003, and the report of the Special Rapporteur on violence against women to the fifty-ninth session of the Commission (E/CN.4/2003/75 and Corr.1 and Add.1, Add.2 and Add.2/Corr.1, Add.3 and 4);
Sudan
Institutional entities, potential donor and user-users countries, as well as community users, services providers and international organizations, are working closely to ensure safe, viable global satellite navigation, positioning and time systems.
Report of the Committee on Relations with the Host Country
In November 2002, FAO held a technical conference on enhancing stakeholder participation in the Facility's technical conference to identify how a strategy approach could enhance the participation of national forest programmes and to establish partnerships for action.
The Secretary-General and his Special Envoy also maintain close contact with other relevant members of the international community.
“In accordance with the understanding reached in the Council's prior consultations, the President, with the consent of the Council, extended an invitation under rule 37 of the Council's provisional rules of procedure to His Excellency Mr. Hosja Al-Barari, Minister for Foreign Affairs of Iraq.
The Special Rapporteur believes that the United Nations should play a stronger political role in the Sudan in order to support the current peace process and achieve a permanent and lasting peace.
He noted that the new institutions to combat the abduction of women and children and the ongoing discussions on the establishment of national human rights institutions, OHCHR's training activities in the technical cooperation programme and the preliminary measures to strengthen the role of civil society in the southern Sudan.
Delegations wishing to be inscribed are kindly requested to contact the secretariat of the Committee (A/60ald Deabros (tel. 1 (212) 963-2320 and 963-55973; fax 1 (212) 963-5935).
In this course, dialogue and consultations must be held with regional organizations, political leaders and civil society members.
(h) Report of the Executive Board of the United Nations Development Programme/United Nations Population Fund for its first regular session 2002 (DP/2002/10);
“Recalling also the relevant resolutions relating to human settlements, in particular General Assembly resolutions 3327 (XXIX) of 16 December 1974, 32/162 of 19 December 1977,
Under agenda item 14 (d), the Council adopted resolutions 2002/20 and 2002/21 and decisions 2002/244 and 2002/241.
At the 37th meeting, on 24 July, the observer of Cyprus, on behalf of the observer of Kenya and Yemen, introduced a draft decision entitled “Strengthening of the Executive Committee of the Programme of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees” (E/2002/L.11).
b In accordance with General Assembly resolution 56/206 of 21 December 2001, the Commission on Human Settlements agreed to be replaced by the United Nations Human Settlements Programme (UN-Habitat) Council from 1 January 2002.
During the meeting, we note with satisfaction the increase in the number of Member States and continued to debate on the annual declarations and the quality of the production and improvement of the use of ballistic missiles and space operations.
The sovereignty of the Falkland Islands will not change unless the people of the island will change.
Encourages the authorities concerned to introduce courses for children in schools, including mutual understanding, tolerance, active participation in civil affairs, human rights and promoting a culture of peace;
The case of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda and the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia (ICTY) is the importance of the importance of judicial participation in the most difficult process of national reconciliation.
Ultimately, the General Assembly needs to take decisions on this matter.
4.4 The Department of Political Affairs will cooperate with other relevant sectors of the Secretariat, as well as other relevant sectors of the Secretariat, in the area of terrorism as a result of terrorism.
With regard to the Tribunal, the relationship between the Tribunal and the Organization will be conducted in accordance with the terms of reference of the United Nations at United Nations Headquarters.
(b) Increased dialogue with the main groups listed in Agenda 21, including women, youth, indigenous peoples, business unions, trade unions, the scientific community, farmers and non-governmental organizations, and to promote the work of these groups and general development activities in the work of the Commission;
Indicators of achievement
23.23 The subprogramme is responsible for the United Nations Habitat and Human Settlements Foundation.
Indicators of achievement
Strategy
In particular, the work of decision-making is also supported by their policies and plans to manage the social problems of water, energy and environment.
Performance measurement
Expected results
17.17 The main objective of this subprogramme shall be to assist Member States in the timely delivery of disaster relief assistance in response to natural disasters and environmental emergencies (including technical accidents).
The International Volunteer Association also organized a volunteer representative, who will attend all press conferences for non-governmental organizations and to submit periodic reports and information on the activities of the United Nations activities in the International Voluntary Association.
The jury then made recommendations to the Government, which will be followed strictly and evaluated.
Ms. Rodrigues (Norway) said that, as a serious violation of the human rights of terrorism, combating terrorism was a pretext for torture and repression of human rights defenders.
Introduction
“The Security Council expresses its grave concern at the fact that the ECOWAS forces and the Israeli forces of the ECOWAS Force and the Israeli forces of the Security Council observed that armed elements are attempting to cross the ceasefire line and the consequences of the potential.
Fifty-eighth session
Families: 8.8 per cent: 2 per cent of friends: 0.0 per cent: 8 per cent in the same case: 8 per cent of working relationships: 7.7 per cent; 7 per cent) (to-sum information): 0.7 per cent: 0.6 per cent: 0.6 per cent)
They should be sent within one week of the date of this document to the Chief, Official Records Editing Section, room DC2-750, 2 United Nations Plaza.
Older persons, as a group of a group, are not extremely vulnerable, but the ageing process has forced access to the physical, social and economic environment of them, thereby exacerbating their risks.
Different groups expressed their shared relevance to their common concerns, but they agreed that social vulnerability impedes their full potential to deprive them of their right and rights.
There are a number of families who are exposed to medical costs and loss of income for families who are sexually infected.
In the absence of armed conflict and other disasters, the informal support system often disappeared because of death, disappearances or forced migration.
The reference to international responsibility indicates that the draft articles had been fully reviewed by the international law and to review the responsibility of international organizations.
The Committee does not wish to use the appropriate balance between intergovernmental organizations and other intergovernmental organizations, as well as in the scope of the scope of the draft articles, as well as in the context of a unified definition of the organization.
Fifty-seventh session
The State is responsible for protecting refugees and the primary responsibility of the Office of the United Nations Children's Fund; UNHCR's core right to protect the rights of refugees is the protection of refugees and other persons responsible for the protection of refugees and other persons responsible for the exercise of international protection, and UNHCR needs to be able to exercise the capacity of the beneficiaries to protect and respond to the competence of the international community, and to ensure that the right to ensure the protection of the beneficiaries and to respond to its own issues is a useful approach to the protection of the beneficiaries, including through enhanced partnerships.
In view of the growing relationship between conflict management, humanitarian action, human rights, development policies, I reassess the status of UNHCR in the United Nations family.
Adoption of the agenda
The Committee welcomes the efforts made by the Government of Chad to continue to engage in dialogue with the Chadian Democracy and Justice Movement and the opposition parties, which are reflected in the following:
An important policy decision for the design of the acquisition of the purchase of the purchase of goods is a key policy decision that should be granted only to the seller's seller, or should also be extended to banks and other loans for the purchase of goods.
The benefits of this priority claim can be to promote social objectives.
For creditors, clear and results-based priority rules and the effective identification and identification of the right to credit are equally important for the purposes of the rule of priority.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
The most common signatory is the Special Rapporteur of the Working Group on Arbitrary Detention and the Special Rapporteur on the promotion and protection of the right to freedom of opinion and expression.
However, in order to check all access to the goods in Somalia or from Somalia to neighbouring countries, there is a need for considerable human and sophisticated inspection equipment, and the majority of countries in the region did not have their own human resources.
The most busy airport of the Sudan is Hargeisa, a monthly average of 8,000 passengers and 350 tons of cargo.
Calendar of conferences and meetings in the economic, social and related fields (agenda item 7 (c))
(d) Report of the Board of Trustees of the International Research and Training Institute for the Advancement of Women (E/2003/59);
Basic programme of work of the General Assembly
Agenda item 113: Promotion and protection of the rights of children (continued) (A/C.3/58/L.23/Rev.1, L.28 and L.83)
The United States Government must therefore vote against the draft resolution.
Mr. Schuri (Liechtenstein) agreed that, in principle of the regular budget, support should be provided to the Office of the Special Representative.
Ms. Elisha (Benin) said that she regretted the results of the draft decision, and she said that it had been very rare to change the content of the draft resolution, which had been changed by delegations.
Article 45, paragraph 3, of the Constitution defines discrimination as “a discriminatory” means that different persons are treated with different treatment, which are totally or largely dependent on race, origin, political opinion, colour, religion, creed or gender, which are subject to limitations or limitations, and that other categories of individuals are subject to limitations or limitations, and that other categories of individuals have access to different privileges or limitations.
The right to non-discrimination and equality is the right to non-discrimination and equality.
The placement services is provided by the company and the local offices in the field and in the field centres, including Gono.
As a rule of the rules applicable to each category, the Regulations also distinguish between “child” and “child” and “mouth”.
As at October 2000, 32 children were living in the care system, while there were 173 members of boys and 150 were 150.
The case of the case is based on the location of the household, a total of 68 such areas.
It is not only necessary to provide for a fair purpose.
However, all high-risk pregnancies are tracked to follow up on prenatal-natal clinics.
The use of land in Malta is a major challenge in the light of the size of the Republic of Malta (art. 1616 km).
It is also provided that a menter plan and component support is provided to provide access to students.
Malta favoured the concept of cultural concepts as a manifestation of a wide range of individuals, social and economic values.
Its creative activities are considered to ensure the basic activities of national sustainable development, as it is the potential for the economic value of the entire society.
The rental and sale of premises issued by the Housing Authority for 1989-2001
Despite major efforts, wars, resources, poverty, HIV/AIDS and other issues continue to be seriously hampered by the social development of Africa.
I am particularly interested in the transfer of financial, debt, market access and technology transfer.
The importance of trade in developing countries would not be excessive.
These procedures have also been regulated by the management, monitoring and auditors of associations.
It must be reaffirmed that all persons with disabilities have the right to protect, without discrimination, without discrimination and equal enjoyment of human rights, as well as any discrimination or other adverse discrimination against persons with disabilities, as well as any discrimination or other adverse discrimination against persons with disabilities, which are incompatible with the provisions of the Standard Rules for the Equalization of Opportunities for Persons with Disabilities;
Support was expressed for the revision of the informal paper of two States in order to support the establishment of a comprehensive convention, namely, the strict prohibition of human cloning for reproductive purposes, and to seek ways to regulate the human cloning of all forms of human cloning, and to seek to regulate other forms of cloning, or to prevent or suspend such cloning, or to adopt them into their control.
C. Action by the Subsidiary Body for Implementation 4 3
In accordance with the understanding reached in the Council's prior consultations, and there was no objection to the objection, I would like to invite the Permanent Observer of the Holy See to the Security Council at its request.
However, we must not ignore the humanitarian dimension of Iraq.
We urge the Government of Iraq to make a correct decision.
Over the years, Member States have called for the use of humanitarian institutions to meet possible crises.
It is also a threat to the international system as a result of the fact that the illegal possession of weapons of mass destruction, terrorism, as well as acts of aggression and aggression are often threatened.
This year marks the two-year half of the crisis in Israel and the Gaza Strip in the West Bank and the Gaza Strip — which is insecurity, and the political stalemate and economic damage are increasing.
My delegation will therefore make the greatest contribution to the efforts of the international community to achieve these goals.
Those who are responsible for justice, such as the prohibition of the United States military presence in Vieques or the struggle against national independence, are persecuted.
He would clarify and further elaborate the approach and the need to integrate the human rights needs as necessary.
The provisions of extradition treaties are consistent with section XIII of the Code of Criminal Procedure.
Table 21.32
The rate of employment and unemployment in all regions of the region has deteriorated, although the most serious of the most serious countries in Argentina, Uruguay and Venezuela were the most serious economic crisis.
Agenda item 121
Without such a strict distinction, it is possible to look at the conclusion of a policy-oriented policy on scientific facts.
The funding and external resources of the organization are the main source of funding of most assessments.
The results of the results is equal in the process of monitoring and data collection processes (see www.unep.org/data/water/index.htm/report/index.php/index.
Security Council: www.un.org/sc/sc
Developing countries are increasingly interested in multilateral discussions on domestic regulations.
Case study on case studies.
In addition, the Secretariat will continue to make a report on the issue to troop-contributing countries.
For response to this issue, the responses to paragraphs 2 (a) and (b) are described.
The camps and settlements are threatened by armed elements, and refugees have been subjected to interdiction, access to access or forced repatriation and denied access to effective asylum procedures.
Also, under the guidance of this concept, the High Commissioner decided to convene a forum on special arrangements, and the burden of assessment was a central issue of the Forum's meeting.
The question of “Somaliland” also remains controversial.
On 23 July, an attack was fired on the United Nations aircraft to the United Nations.
Combined initial, second, third, fourth and fifth periodic report of Brazil (CEDAW/C/BRA/1)
The report shows the participation of Governments and non-governmental organizations in the preparation process, but she wondered whether the Government or the National Assembly had adopted the report.
The majority of students preferred religious textbooks, and the academic and mathematics are very welcome.
(c) Training
Accordingly, the Panel recommends compensation for the claim for compensation.
General and complete disarmament
Pakistan is a party to the Convention on the Physical Protection of Nuclear Material.
“14. Welcomes the importance of the International Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination on the follow-up to the World Conference against Racism, Racial Discrimination, Xenophobia and Related Intolerance and welcomes the measures that the Committee has taken to strengthen the implementation of the Convention and the functioning of the Commission;
Coordination of the implementation of the Programme of Action for the Third Decade to Combat Racism and Racial Discrimination
Fifty-eighth session
The key environmental challenge of the 1925 Sea is: (i) commercial fishing in commercial fishing and its impact on the marine environment, resulting on the impact of the changes in fish stocks, growth and mortality; and (ii) the use of POPs and heavy metals in the Arctic environment; and (iii) the use of POPs and heavy metals in the Arctic environment; and (iii) the use of marine and heavy metals in the Arctic environment; and (iii) the use of the marine and heavy metals in the Arctic environment; and (iii) the potential impact of the sea in the Arctic and the United Nations system, and (iii) the potential impact of the sea in the atmosphere of the sea and the conservation of the environment, as well as the potential impact of the sea in the Arctic Ocean.
Several delegations expressed the view that uncontrolled fishing, persistent organic pollutants and heavy metals, sea activities, shipping activities and dumping, as well as the effects of climate change, were a real and sustained threat to the marine ecological environment of the Arctic.
Multilingualism and public information
Encourages the Department of Public Information to continue its partnership with the local, national and regional broadcasters to bring the voice of the United Nations to all corners of the world;
The programme agreed to carry out a further study on the institutionalization of the global entrepreneurs, which needs to support and seize commercial opportunities.
Mr. Vavier Papit, France, University of Chile
Mr. Living regulation, Switzerland
Globalization and its impact on the full enjoyment of all human rights
Mr. Dapitit (Romania): Mr. President, because of the statement of the first session of our first session, I would like to congratulate you on your assumption of the positions of the President of the Conference.
With regard to the practice of verification, a comprehensive approach and a focused approach had been introduced and broad discussions were widely discussed.
Since 1987, 2,459 Palestinians in the West Bank, including East Jerusalem, have been dismantled in the area of the absence of a licence permit, leaving 167 Palestinians lost their homes.
The core investment portfolio portfolio currently stands at approximately 100 loans, which had been valued over $5 million, and the amount of $3 million was used to meet 50 new loans (November 2002).
(c) The situation of the occupied Palestinian territories will be available and based on a broad range of programmes based on the accumulation of a broad range of programmes in post-conflict and stable environments;
McDowall D., op. cit., op. cit.
I have the honour to draw to you the attention of the attention of the United Nations to the terrorist attacks perpetrated by Israel.
Contents
In the same period, more than 1 million students have received scholarships for Eastern European, Soviet Union, Viet Nam and China.
According to the 1995 census, 3 per cent of women and 5 per cent of women aged 15 and 5 per cent had completed the first secondary school, 2 per cent of women and 3 per cent of men.
Between 1976 and 1995, the number of central hospitals increased from 4 to 8 families, the number of provincial hospitals increased from 12 to 18 per cent in district hospitals, and the number of health centres increased from 294 to 542 and the number of health centres increased from 294 to 542.
The Lao Youth Alliance will also explore innovative ways of exploring the counselling and spacing of adolescents through the Ministry of Health.
Women and men are the same of the age of the school, and the children are proud of football, colour, pans and other similar collective movements.
Young adolescents have taken note of the experience of our predecessors in the United Nations system and are also familiar with human rights instruments.
As a observer to the first meeting of the States Parties to the Ottawa Convention, held in Maputo in May 1999, Turkey announced that the Convention had been acceded to the Convention last year.
These debates have also been instrumental in defining and clarifying the different aspects of this issue.
However, everyone knows that if terrorists have access to weapons of mass destruction, they are likely to suffer.
We are convinced that we are just beginning.
We now turn to the consideration of agenda item 17 (i).
They should be incorporated in a copy of the record and sent under the signature of a member of the delegation concerned to the Chief of the Verbatim Reporting Service, room C-154A.
Chile supports the efforts made by the Secretary-General to modernize the human rights treaty system, particularly in the case of reporting, and the demands of these requests have increased the burden of increasing burden.
Having considered the report of the Secretary-General on the feasibility of the composition of the respective peacekeeping operations and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions,
“The political — military”
The composition of subsidiary bodies should take into account equitable geographical distribution and the type of basic legal systems.
In the first phase of the first phase, the Commission focused on ensuring that States develop legislation on all aspects of resolution 1373 (2001), and they have taken steps to become parties to the twelve international conventions and protocols against terrorism; and they have already established effective mechanisms to combat the financing of terrorism.
Transfer of environmentally sound technologies
This record contains the text of speeches delivered in English and of the interpretation of speeches delivered in the other languages.
(a) Report of the Economic and Social Council on the report of the Economic and Social Council in 2003;
The monitoring mechanism of the initiative included the Steering Group of the target countries, donor countries and the lead agency.
Fifty-eighth session
Taking into account other relevant resolutions of the General Assembly, including resolutions 54/225 of 22 December 1999 and 55/203 of 20 December 2000,
In the context of sustainable development and eradication of poverty, the protection of public health and the strengthening of national health services is increasingly important, as the factors to promote and implement these objectives are, first, as a indicator of social and economic sustainability.
To make progress, we need mutual and frank dialogue and require specific recommendations.
Mr. Talra (Fiji): I have the honour to join the members of the Pacific Islands Forum of the United Nations Forum on the Pacific Islands Forum: Australia, the Marshall Islands, Micronesia (Federated States of), Nauru, New Zealand, Papua New Guinea, Samoa, Solomon Islands, Tonga, Vanuatu and our country.
The individual committees also play an important role in discussing discussions from the next hand and from the following.
It was also important to amend the proposal of the National Tax Act of the Congress and the Senate Finance Committee during the session of the Conference of the Parties to amend the domestic tax law, and that it was important that the Federal Federal Government decided to eliminate article 96 of the Tax Law on the Tax Tax Act.
The Board of Directors generally agreed with the findings and conclusions of the report that the recommendations of the report are acceptable in principle.
In order to better understand the obstacles to the availability of data on the digital and hydrological networks of the global data centre, the SBSTA invited the GCOS secretariat to consult with the World Meteorological Organization (WMO) consultations to prepare a analytical report on specific issues and addressing the various approaches to these issues, to be considered at the twentieth session of the SBSTA.
In particular, China was interested from the purchase of crude oil from Kazakhstan and the signing of a agreement with the country in 1998 to allow a Chinese company to participate in the oil resources of the Russian Federation.
Article 10 of the Constitution provides that the status of international treaties is higher than the Czech domestic law.
Act No. 106/1999 Coll Coll on the right to freedom of movement provides the conditions relating to freedom of access to information and to provide a basic requirement for information.
Resolution S-10/2.
The report of the WFP/FAO recently reported that reconstruction works had increased by 12 per cent in 2003, partly offset by a sharp decline in maize from the past decades.
In accordance with the Ministry of Health of Timor-Leste, a programme of emergency management of child diseases under the health strategy for the first-year period of 15 to 5 years.
The President of Timor-Leste, in his visit to the Paris headquarters of UNESCO and the Director-General of UNESCO, has intensified the cooperation of Timor-Leste in the area of education and science.
Legislation on this policy document is submitted to the Council of Ministers in 2003.
The United Nations Mission of Support in East Timor, United Nations agencies, funds and programmes also provide technical assistance to strengthen national police and public administration and fully respect the principles of democratic governance and human rights.
The decision re-emphasized the wording of the Secretariat's proposal (see para. (4) (b)) (b) of A/CN.9/WG.II/WP.19, para. 74, and the inclusion of paragraph 74 of A/CN.9/508, para.
Fifty-seventh session
Having considered the report of the Secretary-General on the financing of the United Nations Logistics Base and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions,
Report of the Secretary-General
He also believed that the Chairman of the Group of 77 and China had not participated in this meeting as an important signal, and he urged all Member States that had opposed the process to reconsider their position.
Italy
Since the increase in the use of procurement cards and the use of the PPP software, this limitation has increased to approximately $2,500 in each of all stations.
The Controller is responsible for the implementation of this recommendation.
The Director of the Division for Disarmament Affairs will be responsible for implementing this recommendation.
Russia believes that steps should be taken to restore the stability of Iraq as soon as possible.
Sustainable and sustainable sources of energy are a key element of the objectives identified by the World Summit on Sustainable Development.
Both students and teachers have also started in distance cooperation and exchanges with other schools.
World Tourism Organization
Section 7 is retained by administrative management of ODS.
Changes in the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005, as reflected in the conclusions and recommendations of the Committee for Programme and Coordination at its forty-third session, reflected in the revised programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 and further amendments to this note
So far, only one country (Botswana) is on the list.
The relevant international organizations related to the programme usually believe that statistics are a tool for the preparation, implementation or evaluation of health policies.
In order to implement the Plan of Action established in June this year, the European Union has decided to focus on a number of measures.
The European Union and its member States are actively committed to the work of the Conference on Disarmament in order to negotiate negotiations on a treaty banning the production of nuclear weapons or other nuclear materials, multilateral and international approval, based on the mandate of the Special Coordinator and the mandate contained therein.
Jordan's position to achieve the above-mentioned objectives would be summarized as follows: encouraging the nuclear threat to the Middle East, and firmly uphold the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, which is the non-nuclear weapon of weapons of mass destruction in the Middle East, and recommends that practical measures be taken to reduce tension, reduce tensions and confidence-building measures in the Middle East, and to refrain from practical measures to enhance the security of all States in the Middle East, and to avoid any violation of the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, and to avoid any violation of the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, and to avoid any violation of the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons; and to avoid any violation of the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons;
My delegation recognizes that this unfortunate situation, reaffirming the appeal of Mr. Olara Obasanjo, President of the international community, called upon the international community to conclude a legally binding international instrument on the basis of a legally binding international instrument to control such weapons to non-State actors.
Other forms of corruption include the protection of “reporting” and victim, damages, extradition, mutual legal assistance and bank secrecy.
Deeply concerned about the impact and situation of violence and discrimination against women in many women,
Such analysis must be directly involved by relevant agencies and programmes.
In the absence of specific shortcomings in the publication programme, the Division of the Sea should update existing publications or prepare new publications.
This cannot be considered as a reform, but only to the conclusion of the mandate and objectives of the Commission and to the overall role of the United Nations in the field of disarmament and promoting international peace and security.
I would also like to take this opportunity to congratulate other members of the Bureau.
UNIDO should provide appropriate administrative support to the CST.
(a) The legal representation of the relevant matters related to the Centre for Science and Technology shall be responsible for the administration and functioning of the Centre;
Uruguay has made a commitment to contribute to the restoration and maintenance of peace in the conflict region, and has been held in a meeting of 20 years since 1952.
As many countries of our continent, Ethiopia has suffered from the suffering of the conflict and the consequences of war and the consequences of the consequences of conflict and war, in this regard, in this regard.
It was reported that the project against abduction of children was another important event in the Sudan's work in the Sudan, the Committee for the Prevention of Abduction of Children and Children, the Department of Justice and the President of the President.
The Committee took note of section 3, Political affairs, of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005, and stresses that the programme programme programme must comply with regulation 5 and rule 105 of the Regulations and Rules of the Programme of Action, the Programme Aspects of the Budget, the Monitoring of Implementation and the Methods of Evaluation.
If we do so, we can be able to contribute to the reform objectives of the Organization, let do not mean that the peace goals in the Middle East do not mean?
In addition, the National Policy for Women in July 2000 provides to take positive action to increase the representation of women in the Government and the participation of women in all political parties at all levels.
Source: Assessment and analysis of 2001
5.5 The use of women in rural areas and family planning schemes
In June 2003, the President of the Council reaffirmed its support for the road map and the efforts made by the Quartet in his statement.
The above resolutions affirm the need to end the occupation of the Arab territories of Arab territories, which must empower the Palestinian people in order to enable them to exercise their right to self-determination and create an independent State on their own soil.”
Introduction
In my last report, there is still no change in the rule of law, where the aircraft were often able to move over the sea from sea and then to Lebanese airspace from the demilitarized zone in the demilitarized zone, thus avoiding the direct observation and verification of UNIFIL.
During the intersessional period, the Working Group also held informal consultations.
The full construction of the premises for the refurbishment of premises should be extended to the construction of the buildings.
The report also discusses trends in the scope and methodology of the use of female women and women in the use of contraceptives.
Official Records of the Economic and Social Council, 2002, Supplement No. 24 (E/2002/84).
While the international community has a strong commitment to secure human survival, Morocco and regretted that more than 10 billion people in the world still suffer from poverty and hunger, and the climate change has led to stability in many countries, and millions of children continue to suffer from the lack of drinking water and sanitation, and millions of children continue to suffer from the lack of access to water and sanitation.
Other matters
Recalling the commitment of Heads of State and Government to the Millennium Summit to take measures to ensure respect for and protecting the human rights of migrants, migrant workers and their families, to eliminate the growing feminization of racism and conduct of many societies and to promote harmony and tolerance among all societies,
This trend confirms the decline in opium poppy cultivation since 1999.
Any corrections to the record of the meetings of this Committee will be consolidated in a single corrigendum, to be issued shortly after the end of the session.
In accordance with the provisions of Economic and Social Council resolution 1894 (LVII), the draft provisional agenda for the thirty-eighth session of the Commission is prepared in accordance with existing legislative mandates.
The debate showed that despite the progress made in the implementation of the Convention, there is still room room for addressing the main issues of the region.
The increasing increase in the control of soil erosion and reducing groundwater consumption is increasing.
Through the commemoration of the World Day, it would be possible to re-establish the support of States to the Convention, promote knowledge and knowledge sharing.
The travel of travel cannot be paid to the rest of the stay, such as the age of 10 hours, and no payment allowance shall be paid to a maximum of 40 per cent or more than 10 hours.
Repatriation grant
The work of the regional intergovernmental organizations covered wide issues covering economic, financial, trade, transport, energy, environmental and development cooperation.
Against:
Such a statement calls upon States to take concrete action at the national, regional and international levels, including specific measures to apply the Fourth Geneva Convention.
Mr. Percaya (Indonesia) proposed a delegation to assist in his efforts to assist the Palestinian people and its inalienable rights in order to help Mr. Arafat.
Decides to extend the mandate of the United Nations Disengagement Observer Force for a period of six months, until 30 June 2004;
For the commentary to this draft guideline, see ibid., pp. 42-260.
The Committee urges the State party to take measures to increase the number of women in the selection of women in the selection and appointment of women, particularly in accordance with article 4, paragraph 1, of the Convention, and to implement temporary special measures to achieve the right of women to participate in all spheres of life, particularly in the high-level decision-making process.
The Committee recommends that the State party strengthen its efforts to encourage women and girls to take a variety of educational choices through their introduction, and to help them adequately develop their personal potential.
Concluding comments of the Committee
The Committee expresses concern about the recent changes in the number of women in British Columbia, particularly indigenous women.
The Committee is also concerned that the “indigenous Peoples' Governance Act” was currently discussed in the discussion of discriminatory legal provisions in other laws, including a violation of the rights of property rights, identity and family belonging to the Convention.
Emphasizes the importance of further strengthening coordination and cooperation among the relevant United Nations organizations in promoting sustainable development and in this regard welcomes the participation of the United Nations Environment Programme in the United Nations Development Group;
UNICEF is a co-chair of the Inter-Agency Task Force on Sport for Development and Peace.
With the support of UNESCO, the Pakistan Public Information Fund established two awards, one of the “best workload awards” of women, one of which is the “most of gender awareness of men or women”.
Studies in the area of media and peace are particularly focused on Latin America and Africa.
In December 2001, the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights held a meeting on the International Decade for Peace and Non-Violence in the Children of the World's Children, which was held in December 2001, with a view to the implementation of the Plan of Action for the International Decade for Peace and Non-Violence in Children, and a project on the implementation of the Plan of Action in December 2002, with a view to establishing a “right” and marking of a culture of peace and peace in order to find a more greater attention to the concept of peace and peace in the local population and to promote the concept of a culture of peace.
The General Assembly adopted the draft resolution recommended by the Second Committee in paragraph 15 of its report (A/58/494) (resolution 58/230).
The chart also describes the basic features of the value chain.
The Director of the Finance Division met in Thailand from 3 to 8 May 2000 in Thailand, in Thailand, in the Asia-Pacific Development Bank and the Asian Development Bank and the Annual Annual Conference of the Asia-Pacific Bank.
In addition, the Government is studying the possibility of promoting the participation of civil society in the selection of prostitutes, particularly when they are vulnerable to HIV infection, and to assist victims of domestic violence.
In her view, the provision of care should not be regarded as the sole nature of women, and it is a joint responsibility of both men and women in the family and society.
The elimination of all nuclear biological and biological weapons in the world is the long-term objective of the United Nations.
Increasing the commitment of the Force is not the only challenge facing the United Nations.
In many cases, the United Nations has been able to assist in post-conflict peacebuilding in the absence of any military personnel.
Both, and the two countries are largely divided into track, and the world is very likely to be the potential for the year 2015.
In the United Nations system, the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) and the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights continued to provide assistance to the requesting State to facilitate good governance and strengthening its national human rights protection system.
General Assembly
The goal is to combat the voices of the people of the people, which are the foundation of freedom of expression and freedom of expression, which are the foundation of all civilizations.
It uses weaknesses and gaps in the judicial order of our societies and international relations.
Mexico will continue to cooperate with the global efforts in the fight against terrorism and that international law should not be regarded as an obstacle and should be regarded as a valuable tool.
Report of the Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women
The law also provides that learning and skills committees should take full account of the need to promote equal opportunities among different ethnic groups, men and women, as well as those of persons with disabilities and non-discrimination.
The Government's efforts to promote the role of women in the fields of work and technical areas: “The review of the “Fustd's”'s case” is a strategic review, which aims to identify the priority areas of priority priorities in order to improve the recruitment and placement of women in the field and technology areas and to highlight the achievements and contributions of women in the fields of work and technology.
The two General Assembly members of the United Kingdom of Northern Ireland were one of the members of the General Assembly and the General Assembly's Deputy Speaker on 14 October 2002, two of whom were women.
See annex II, paras.
In particular, the Government has made a plan of action to address cases of rape and conviction rates.
This document takes into account the recommendations of the action plan for the preparation of the action plan in 1998 provided a comprehensive statement on violence against women and how to stop such violence.
In the absence of an effective international and local contract to the United Nations or the transfer of the conditions and conditions that may not be acceptable to the administering Power, the Administration may recommend that the United Nations would terminate these contracts in a cost-effective manner.
Actual progress has been made in the tripartite process established in resolution 1483 (2003).
We believe that in the light of the extent of progress in the renegotiating negotiations, it should be followed by the date of the date of 21 November.
Election of officers in subsidiary organs
Follow-up to the outcome of the Millennium Summit: report of the Secretary-General (A/58/33)
The reform and strengthening of the Organization's initiative, as well as the initiative of the Organization, is a matter of interest to all Member States of the United Nations.
This is the special needs of Africa.
Clearly, the consensus within the United Nations is that the consensus within the United Nations is to be preferred only for the election of the non-permanent members of the Security Council, which we will support.
Mr. Stephen (Australia) and Mr. Linton (Indonesia), Vice-Chairman, took the Chair.
We believe that the Additional Protocol is an important complement instrument for strengthening the IAEA safeguards regime.
In the process of development of these systems, the Court needs a considerable degree of flexibility.
The first part of the budget has indicated that the Court needs more than one more than one-time Pre-Trial Chamber, the Appeals Chamber, which may also include the Trial Chamber's work on the work of the Office of the Prosecutor.
• The specific factual assumptions on the responsibility of individual suspects, focusing on the leadership level
Performance indicators
• Provide effective support to the Prosecution Division and the Legal Advisory and Policy Section
The Office planned to increase the second survey team in June 2004 and increased in October 2004.
The importance of tracking and recording assets and the importance of monitoring their use is not underestimated.
This operation requires assistance to ensure regular access to the courts of field offices.
Through daily contact and consultation with the Office of the United Nations Security Coordinator, the Chief of the United Nations Office of the General Assembly and other international organizations, the Chief of the Security Council also represents the security interests of the Court.
The objective of the subprogramme is to continue to maintain the international level of the International Criminal Court, based on a proactive exchange strategy, to use different ways to explain the principles, objectives and actions of the target audience and the public, to create a good working environment, the creation of a good working environment, the creation of a good public library and the provision of documentation services, as well as the establishment of an efficient public library and the provision of documentation services.
(viii) To draw the Secretariat's attention to the need for the Secretariat to consider any matter of consideration;
The Committee considers that the proposed contingency reserve is not an appropriate way for providing resources to the Secretariat.
Trust Fund for Victims
Several issues have not been discussed.
I am pleased to inform you that my Government has accepted the Agreement on the Privileges and Immunities of the Convention and authorizes me to sign the agreement in this week.
Deliberations of the Executive Board
The General Assembly,
(2) Extrabudgetary
(a) Servicing of intergovernmental and expert bodies (regular budget)
8.8 The subprogramme is expected to achieve its objectives and expected accomplishments, which is based on the priorities of the International Conference on Sustainable Development and the outcome of the World Summit on Sustainable Development, as a priority for the implementation of Agenda 21, the Global Conference on Sustainable Development.
Table 36
(d) Convention on the Marking of Plastic Explosives for the Purpose of Detection;
Reaffirming the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits and their respective follow-up reviews,
I would like to see this issue today.
We call for the abolition of the TRIPS Agreement on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples, adopted by the International Trade Organization (WTO).
The Secretary-General has submitted its recommendations in this regard (A/58/56) and the Advisory Committee will report separately.
Agenda item 151
Emphasizes the importance of further strengthening the activities of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights in promoting and implementing the right to development, including through ensuring the effective use of financial and human resources required for the implementation of the mandate and to better provide services and support to the Working Group on the Right to Development;
External factors
The members of the proposal of the proposal of the proposal were explained by the Committee's members.
The imposition of sexual abuse of children is severely punished.
However, some girls were finally completed and completed.
In addition, the Government and civil society have taken a number of actions:
- The changing attitude of the people, which is still due to the fact that a culture of social culture is based on the old ideology of the community, which has slowed the pace of women's progress.
As noted by some delegations, the cost of reimbursement for the 2008 troop force is significantly higher than the reimbursements for contingent-owned equipment, as the troop-contributing countries can promptly calculate the number of troops deployed by the troop-contributing countries, and the cost of contingent-owned equipment would require more specific information.
The Advisory Committee notes that the Advisory Committee considers that the recommendations of the Fifth Committee and troop-contributing countries are directly addressed.
Therefore, the Republic of Croatia formally assumed the provisions of the general legislation of the European Union, which would have a comprehensive legal adjustment for gender equality in accordance with the standards set out in the European Union legislation.
The amendments to the Penal Code of the Republic of Croatia, adopted in 2000 and 2003 in the case of the Criminal Code of the Republic of Croatia, are detailed in detail.
Source: Central Statistical Office
However, if we consider other resources (local and humanitarian), the number of beneficiaries has increased, in accordance with 1998, about 3500,000 people, in 1999 to 365,000 persons (Jurvic, 1999).
The Office of the Special Health Services Department, Zagreb, the Ministry of Health Services, continued its activities until the end of 2003, the programme was a programme of health education for young people and the overall health of health and the general health education, which is the courses, workshops, lectures and seminars for youth and youth.
His delegation strongly opposed the inclusion of the item in the agenda of the Conference, as it violates the principle of territorial integrity in the Charter.
It was pointed out that the distinction between the goods and its original transport means was somewhat outdated.
One alternative suggestion should be to adopt a wording to extend the protection of all parties to the functioning of the sea, including independent subcontractors.
One of the members of the Security Council noted that the Council should take a decision on the future of the Coordinator after December 2003 after the report of the Secretary-General.
The report of the Special Committee (S/2000/575, S/2001/582, S/2002/664, S/2003/614) addressed Iraq's return to all Kuwaiti property.
Iraq will continue to return to Kuwait, or to return to their homes, to return to the family.
The Coordinator would like to identify the efforts of the Okkk's fate.
Misfir Masha Mustafa Al-Sharif Al Khaya
The Chairman said that he took the recommendation that the item be allocated to the plenary of the General Assembly.
Finally, we wish to commend the CTC for the successful work of the Counter-Terrorism Alliance.
The use of global market means — the improved improvement of communication, the use of the media, better transport connectivity and more more effective international travel in the world, contributes to the development of global terrorist networks, which has led to a common message of hate information, and thus to undermine the common objectives of the world's society, particularly those of a multicultural-based civilization, and thus to ensure a multicultural society.
“terrorism is a symptoms of social disease.
In many cases, posts have been re-examined because the budget constraints were postponed; it is not possible to postpone delays, and UNDP's ability to provide a good, skilled staff to perform these positions.
The United Nations Development Group will submit a plan of implementation to the end of September 2003 to strengthen the effectiveness of the United Nations system in developing countries as a component of the reform of the Secretary-General.
The Division also has a organizational reform process, which has been merged with the Global Urban Observation Section (formerly the urban secretariat) in the Monitoring and Research Division (formerly the Cities Secretariat), which has been merged in a section of the latter.
The function of the function has been expanded, and the monitoring of urban inequality is also being monitored in addition to existing data and GIS.
The themes of the development capacity will include analytical methods and communication, advocacy, networking, networking and team building skills.
In the 2007 People's Democratic People's Republic, the new characteristics may be introduced
Challenges encountered:
Since the National Committee usually will be the contribution of other resources as regular resources, it would be possible to increase the fund-raising capacity of regular resources and other resources.
In view of the limited resources of the Foundation, non-earmarked activities are usually limited to the assistance of the preparatory process, a multiplier multiplier impact and the activities of a major development of human settlements.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, in collaboration with the Ministry of Education and Education in the Ministry of Education and Education and the corresponding departments of the United States, coordinated various programmes, including the provision of educational education for children, youth and adults in Mexico.
In this regard, the Government of the Philippines demonstrated the failure to effectively protect the rights and dignity of migrant workers and to deny them from illegal practices related to the very profitable industry.
In Latin America, as a result of the same trend in the number of women migrant workers, UNIFEM has supported the establishment of a base knowledge on the causes of women's causes and factors affecting women in the current migration process, so as to develop information on decision-making.
The management and documentation of the small round of meetings constitutes a central and fundamental aspect of the daily functioning of the world's inclusive multilateral institutions (see A/57/877, para.
In consultation with the Secretariat in consultation with the preparation document, the Department worked to find a consolidated report and to submit a schedule for the pre-session documentation to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session.
Integration of women's human rights and gender equity
The present table sets out a number of regulatory organizations that have been established under article 10 of the Agreement, in which 34 per cent of their powers were limited to the management of the fisheries fisheries organizations in the area of scientific matters, and the two types of trade organizations in the two categories of trade organizations can be held in parallel, with a view to providing advice to the International Maritime Investigation Board (CCC), which is likely to provide advice for the International Maritime Fisheries Fisheries Board (CCC), which may be made available in the Department of Fisheries.
Effect of the Agreement on the entry into force of or proposed international instruments
See, for example, decision 2-10 of the Conference of States Parties (OSCE), paras.
The Staff Regulations of the International Criminal Court and the resolutions of the Standing Secretariat of the Assembly of States Parties to the International Criminal Court.
The groundwater of groundwaters linked to terrestrial water is the scope of the Convention on the Use of the Use of Nuclear Navigation in the International Watercourses.
Stressing once again the importance of effective drug control legislation and national policies to reduce drug trafficking and the illicit use of drugs and their associated consequences, based on the effective drug control measures of the international drug system,
Iraq stated that the Facin did not provide a timely delivery of goods because “the material materials were sent to the end of the “S” of 4 July 1990 and the “Flaims” and “the credit of the credit was completed on 20 December 1989, and the delivery of delivery is completed at three months.
In the amount of USD 8,577, of the “family subsistence allowance” for the family of the family, it relates to compensation paid to employees in North America during the period covered by the claim during the period covered by the claim.
In the light of the agreement reached by the MPC and KNPC's invasion and occupation of Kuwait, it has concluded a agreement on the supply of equipment to each facility; KNPC has continued to enter into the first generation agreement in 1975 in 1975 and continue to continue to be a catalyst for the first generation of research by Mr. Chvane, and KNPC has been able to carry out its potential for the use of such devices, as well as the use of an intellectual property technology to be used by Mr. Chvane, and that KNPC has been able to use the use of the use of such devices through the installation of the SPC, as well as the use of the use of an intellectual property technology to be used by the PVM.
In the light of the foregoing, the Panel recommends compensation in the amount of USD 75,287 for payment or relief to others.
In the amount of USD 2,266,640 per year, the amount of USD 2,266,640 is calculated in the amount of USD 2,266,640 in the amount of USD 2,266,640.
The case relates to the International Foundation for philanthropic International Foundation (the International Foundation for International Development), which was located in Bogotá, which was organized by the Commission.
The present document is submitted in accordance with the above requirements.
At the same time, India reaffirms its commitment to global nuclear disarmament and the commitment of the following policy: non-nuclear-weapon States or the countries of non-nuclear-weapon States are not used to use or use nuclear weapons.
In the same day, India announced the establishment of its nuclear command body, including a political council, as the only body for the use of nuclear weapons.
As a result of the High Commissioner, I have highlighted this point, particularly in the context of the project.
As a result, in many countries, there is no poor country's country's fastest-growing national development, or or to the rich countries of the rich country or to “the gap between the country's per capita income”.
The Court must review its competence to review the fundamental rights of the law under the Basic Law.
(b) Reducing the time required for the implementation of the mandate of the Security Council, rapid deployment and establishing peacekeeping operations;
The request for consultants to provide professional expertise to the Monitoring, Evaluation and Consulting Division in the design of inspection exercises to facilitate effective monitoring of peacekeeping operations.
Some Parties further elaborated this issue and pointed out that the quality of information provided by the media in climate change was considered “in general” (France), “the media did not explicitly clarify the relationship between international negotiations and domestic commitments” (Sweden), or “the media failed to play a role in the dissemination of ideas” (Italy).
Sweden stressed that the people must understand and understand these issues and must be aware of how to address the needs of the problem and their role in this process.
Media media participation.
The proposed mitigation measures are divided into short-term (3 years), medium-term (10 years) and long-term decades.
The strengthening of institutional and training programmes for donors must be an initial activity in this component.
The vulnerability of the modern wetlands without treatment of wastewater may lead to the loss of ecosystem functions and the loss of species.
(f) The Egyptian Government reported that human rights education is included in school curricula and/or school activities.
The majority of the people's acceptance is that there is no corresponding social obligation or responsibility, but there is no individual right, not only, but if these responsibilities can be defined in an appropriate manner, whether they can be defined in an appropriate manner, whether they are in an appropriate way and in the international framework and at the national level.
Mr. Hamid Hamoud, Minister of the Interior (9 September);
The Convention applies to all other actions of the United Nations, such as the United Nations Political Mission, post-conflict peacebuilding offices, or humanitarian missions, but the provision is not the case of the Security Council or the General Assembly (art. 1 (c)) of the Security Council or the General Assembly.
Other documents
We have seen a warm feeling of the continuation of settlement activities in Palestinian land, particularly in the areas of illegal construction of the West Bank and East Jerusalem in the occupied West Bank and Jerusalem.
With regard to the situation in the Occupied Palestinian Territory, including East Jerusalem, we would like to reiterate our grave concern about the continuing violence and excessive use of force caused by massive life, material and unprecedented destruction.
This record contains the text of speeches delivered in English and of the interpretation of speeches delivered in the other languages.
(e) Democracy.
(f) Risk assessment.
Therefore, the Syrian banking system could not have suspicious transactions.
It is not true to say that you did not believe that you did not have to be replaced — and you do not do anything — but not one of the words — “What is one of us”.
One of the expertise of the Office is one of the expertise of the training camps, and the use of toxic agents.
The scope of Al-Qaida's activities is now not confined to the small island of the north-east of Iraq.
We believe that this development is a very important contribution, which will enable the Security Council to take an important decision to achieve the decisions of a greater sense of responsibility and sense of interest.
I give the floor to the representative of Iraq.
The economic exploitation also refers to the harmful physical and development of children's children, hindering their access to school or to fulfil the responsibilities of the school, or in the absence of human rights standards, as well as to the standards of age for the most harmful age of the child, and article 182 of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, and the Convention on the Rights of the Child.
Transnational corporations and other business enterprises should ensure that workers have paid their remuneration to their families in an adequate standard of living.
Mr. Antonio Antonio Nuarez-Súco, Francisco de Miguel Álvarez, Río Pérez-Pu González González, David Melgar González, Mr. David Lérez González, Mr. Francisco de l'appas, President of José, Mr. José Pérez Guasa, José de la de l'homme
The former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia (Modrara de la de Janeiro)
The President of the fifty-ninth session of the Commission on Human Rights, Mr. Jayanthjajajaj, introduced the members of the Bureau and the Coordinator of the regional groups of the Asian, Latin America and the Caribbean, Western European and other States (on behalf of the African Group).
Meetings of the Committee
They recommended that each treaty body take measures to increase the correct nature of press releases.
President: History
The Computer Management Division consists of one Professional and three General Service staff, responsible for the effective application and continued development of information technology.
Accordingly, Mexico requests the Court to adjudate and declare:
Currently, the document is issued in accordance with the documents contained in the present letter and the annex to the document to understand the requirements of the Court's ruling.
United Nations, Treaty Series, vol. 402, No. 5778.
The General Assembly,
Letter dated 21 April 2003 from the Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1373 (2001) concerning counter-terrorism addressed to the President of the Security Council
Once funds are available to the banking system, even if funds are deposited in the bank, they are likely to be found to be found in the event of the illegal purpose of the financing of the funds, if the funds are transferred to such illegal purposes.
With regard to general standards, the delegation of the United States supported further consideration of the proposed streamlining of the business classification system and looked forward to the report of the Commission to report on the effectiveness of the effectiveness of the effectiveness of the report, which was the result of the decision of the fifty-sixth session of the General Assembly.
This partnership requires mutual responsibility: political and economic reforms in developing countries, developed by developed countries, in particular through assistance, trade and debt relief.
The total number of claims for the twenty-sixth instalment was carried out in Kuwait prior to Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
Based on the methodology referred to in paragraphs 2 to 2 of the first “E4” report, the claim for uncollission of receivables in the twenty-sixth instalment claims was verified and evaluated.
Report of the Secretary-General
Considering the need to address extreme weather events and their associated natural disasters and disaster reduction,
I have the honour to transmit to you the statement of a statement by the World Association of Culture and Non-Violence of the World Alliance for Peace and Non-Violence in New Delhi, held in New Delhi on 26 April 2003 (see annex).
Appointment of the members of the Credentials Committee.
Taking into account the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action adopted by the World Conference on Human Rights on 25 June 1993 at the World Conference on Human Rights and urges all States to ensure that the human rights of all workers and their families are protected,
As well as the representatives of the Republic of Estonia and my country, I have the honour to express our deep condolences to the Special Representative of the Secretary-General, Mr. Sergio Vieira de Mello, and others, who were killed.
Estonia has acceded to all 12 United Nations conventions against terrorism and is actively engaged in cooperation with many countries and international organizations.
Article 110, 111 and 140 of the Criminal Code of Bosnia and Herzegovina provides confiscation of the proceeds of criminal activity, including the basis and means of confiscation, and protecting the destruction of items.
In addition to United Nations organizations and international governmental organizations, I have also cooperated with many international non-governmental organizations, in particular the International Air Transport Association (IAT) and the International Civil Aviation Association Association of International Civil Aviation Association (IFF), the World Customs Organization (WCO), the World Customs Movement Association, the World Customs Movement, the International Air Movement Association, the International Institute for the Unification of International Air Movements and the Institute for the Unification of Citizens, the International Institute for the Unification of the International Air Movement (FATA), the International Institute for the Unification of All Persons and Men.
English and French are working in the language of its work, but also in other languages of Spanish, including the Conference.
The latter is the seller or the seller's seller or the goods of the goods, and it is also continuing to continue its relations with the debtor and its operations, and to provide a new provision or trade credit to improve the possibility of the return of its existing claims, which may lead to value-added value for new loans.
There is a number of laws that have been applied in a number of laws, leading to the fact that the insolvency representative did not act in the absence of a contract that would lead to the rejection or failure of the contract.
The insolvency representative may be personal or in certain jurisdictions, or by a company or other legal entity.
(xx) Any other matter may be entrusted to the insolvency representative or of any other matter by the court.
As noted above (chap. III, A and B), the insolvency law may wish to provide confidentiality obligations for debtors and insolvency representatives.
(a) Providing advice and assistance to the debtor or the debtor of the insolvency representative;
(d) In the context of appropriate safeguards, the application of the application of the application of the law may be suspended in other laws, in addition to the possibility of limiting the possibility of limiting the application of the law.
The creditor's failure to submit a claim prior to the final report and accounting has been made in the context of other provisions of the insolvency law, which may vary from different results.
If the claims in the proceedings are subject to the object of the proceedings under the insolvency proceedings, such claims are normally under the nature of the claim and that a certain category of claims in the insolvency proceedings may be formulated in the insolvency proceedings, subject to the application of the suspension, see chapter II.3 (a) and 8).
The insolvency proceedings often need to be assisted by a number of professionals, such as the insolvency representative and the advisers of the debtor or the insolvency representative.
Priority claims
While many insolvency laws are generally required, the insolvency representative shall convene a creditor meeting and to submit the accounts on the basis of the distribution and distribution of assets.
The threat posed by a very serious attack is also a normal aspect of the daily daily life of Israel.
We have not seen any practical steps that Israel has taken to this end.
As members of the Conference on Disarmament in East Asia, I share the views of other members of the Conference, which we all pledge to address East Asia through dialogue and peace.
Calls upon all States to recognize, in accordance with the provisions of the Declaration on the Elimination of All Forms of Intolerance and of Discrimination Based on Religion or Belief, the right to freedom of worship or assembly of persons belonging to religion or belief, and to establish and maintain the venue for such purposes;
Requests the Secretary-General to ensure that the Special Rapporteur receives the necessary resources to enable him to fulfil its mandate fully;
The programme included the overall direction and subprogramme 4 (Sustainable development) of programme 7 and a new subprogramme 10, entitled “Development for development”.
The General Assembly continued to stress the need to mainstream gender perspectives into all policies and programmes related to children (resolution 57/190).
At the request of the President, the representatives of the members of the Council are distributed to the members of the Council.
The Secretary-General believes that these credentials are consistent with the provisions.
Committee on Non-Governmental Organizations
In 1999, the North-South Development Initiative presented the first phase of the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) to the United Nations Development Programme (New York, Panama, Venezuela, Mozambique, Ecuador, Peru, Peru and Botswana”.
In the case of bilateral dispute settlement, the exception of the exhaustion of local remedies is an effective use of local remedies.
His delegation supported the principle of the principle established by the International Court of Justice in the Barcelona Traction case as a fundamental principle of diplomatic protection.
Thirdly, in the case of national practice, it should be possible to determine the reasons for unilateral action or acts of States; the State's unequivocal or implied commitment to effective standards, particularly not limited to the competence of the organs responsible for action or responsible, may be revised or withdrawn the status and conditions of unilateral commitments.
The Association also worked closely with the United Nations through the organization/United Nations disarmament, conflict resolution and the Peace Commission.
At present, with the support of the FF Foundation, a project is being implemented to strengthen the role of civil society in expanding reproductive health innovations.
In the world, a growing number of new cooperatives have been established in the world, and the fastest-growing region is Brazil, Canada, Egypt, United Kingdom, France, Germany, India, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, the Netherlands, the Netherlands, the Netherlands, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the United States and the United States.
Mexico's refugee approach to Guatemala could be an example of a durable solution to refugees.
In the event of the tenth anniversary of the International Year of the Family, Mr. José Antonio Ocampo, Under-Secretary-General for Economic and Social Affairs, will be held on Thursday, 4 December 2003, at 2.30 p.m. in the General Assembly Hall, with a view to the opening of the exhibition on family issues.
Address by H.E. Mr. Alfonso Porra Kafra, President of the Republic of Guatemala
Convention on Tobacco Control Framework, Geneva, 21 May 2003
In this connection, I would like to stress the very important role of IAEA in providing technical assistance to Member States and noted the progress made in improving the efficiency of technical cooperation programmes.
The action plan of the Conference will contribute to further confidence-building and ensure that good security records in this regard continue.
With regard to the implementation by the Director-General of the implementation of the nuclear terrorism plan, Mexico supports measures to improve the physical security of all nuclear materials.
However, the staff members of the Agency are working on all fronts and many other areas in order to achieve a better and safer world.
In the case of the natural person there is no place of residence, which is based on his habitual residence.
(c) Any modification of the electronic signature by signing of the signature; and
The Working Group may wish to note that, in the elaboration of the UNCITRAL Model Law on Electronic Commerce, it was considered that such a definition is not a instrument of instrument, and the Guide to Enactment is a instrument of reference.
“15. Evaluation should be conducted at two stages.
8.6.5 The provisions of the present report should be given to the use of the dangerous goods in order to maintain the danger of the dangerous goods.
“3. States should examine their infrastructure and determine the interdependence of interdependence in order to strengthen the protection of such facilities.
Reaffirming the need to strengthen the scientific and technical activities of the United Nations system and the Commission on Science and Technology for Development, in particular the role of policy guidance on issues related to developing countries,
From Wednesday, 3 December 2003, at the end of the month of the month of the month, the President of the Security Council will hold a briefing on the work of the Council on behalf of the States Members of the United Nations that are members of the Council on Non-member States, but on the date of informal consultations without informal consultations.
Convention on jurisdictional immunities of States and their property: report of the Sixth Committee (A/58/512)
A/C.2/58/L.49 Item 95 -- Implementation of Agenda 21, the Programme for the Further Implementation of Agenda 21 and the outcome of the World Summit on Sustainable Development — Draft resolution submitted by the Vice-Chairman of the Committee on the occasion of informal consultations held on draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.85, 2005-2015 [A C E F R S]
Paragraph 13 of the resolution shows that young girls have provided the space for their realization.
Since the first Main Committee of the General Assembly had adopted the meeting of 27 October originally scheduled to be held on 27 October, the meeting of the Open-ended Working Group on Commodities may be borne by the existing conference resources.
In this regard, we pay particular attention to the report of the Human Rights Development Report in 2003, which will have to be able to achieve the goal of universal primary education in the sub-Saharan Africa, in the context of the situation in the sub-Saharan Africa, with a view to reducing extreme poverty and to reach two thirds of the child's mortality to two thirds of the child's mortality.
The seriousness of the situation in Africa is a real danger to international peace and security.
This is the understanding of Eritrea's recovery in Africa.
Developing countries must overcome a number of obstacles to use the growth market.
We also hope that the Helsinki Commission will facilitate the work of the Commission.
The murder of the murder resulted in three Israeli citizens, some of whom were injured.
“On the merits of the matter, the complainant found that it was in a position of a continuing situation, which does not arise from the entry into force of the Convention until 14 June 1955, which will continue until the date of entry into force, because the deprivation of deprivation is “long”.
In particular, the Commission on Human Rights and the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights frequently found more than one of the provisions of the article, and then recommended a package of measures, which may be used according to above.
The State party has objected to the admissibility of the complaint, subject to the implementation of the complaint by the State party, which is not affected by the State party's failure to do so, and that the Committee on Human Rights, which is not part of its functions, has been authorized by the State party in its functions, and that it should remain in accordance with the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights.
The Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination also addressed the issue of discrimination against the poor market, 202 individuals, and 20 per cent of their personal languages, as well as opportunities for access to public or public services.
Communication No. 1724/1984 of the Human Rights Committee v.
See, for example, the Committee on Human Rights No. 505/1992 of the Human Rights Committee; A. v. Togo, 25 March 1996, A/51/40, vol. II, annex VIII, annex VIII, sect. I, sect. I, sect. cit., para.
Report of the Secretariat on the world situation of drug abuse (E/CN.7/2004/2)
The vocational school graduates are elected to receive further training in university universities to serve as trainers and to train the management of cooperatives abroad.
On 13 May 2003, the Tribunal's ruling of the Tribunal's ruling, Radio Bomom, was opened to the Supreme Court's ruling of the executive decisions of the Administration.
Commentary
Over the past year, the international non-proliferation regime has experienced pressure on the front hand of the non-proliferation regime and clearly a specific step towards strengthening the system.
A total of $10 million and $5 billion million in the joint programme had been agreed at this joint programme, which will be expected to show the complementarity of capacity-building and the operation of lending and the complementarity between the United Nations and development institutions.
(a) Sustainable urbanization (Policy policy):
HSP/GC/19/2/Add.2
A detailed study on this topic was presented by Mr. Martin McAskie on this topic.
(d) Conflict situations;
Bulgaria also signed a memorandum of understanding on the exchange of financial information by Belgium, the Czech Republic, Italy, Lebanon, Lithuania, Romania, Poland and the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia.
Since then, the island has no longer been able to provide a joint central administration of the whole Cyprus.
The issue of such issues in the Greek Cypriot political political leadership should be addressed through the political settlement of the island.
The post-conflict phase includes support for consolidation and stability; rehabilitation of basic services and infrastructure; promotion of human rights and local capacity-building; support for refugees and internally displaced persons.
In 2000, an increase of 1 per cent of GDP in Djibouti has been confirmed in 2001 and a positive evolution of the year was confirmed in 2001, and the 2002 outlook of the 2002 outlook had also been changed.
Article 2408 of Law No.
The security situation must also continue to be stable and conducive to the implementation of the Bonn Agreement.
The current arrangements include the period 2002-2003.
To date, approximately 300 kilometres of the fence have been constructed, and Palestinian terrorists cannot be able to infiltrate the civilian population of the Palestinian population.
Germany deplores the sudden escalation of violence between Israelis and Palestinians.
The wall has not been built on the Green Line.
This wall has been accompanied by parallel, roads and fence.
The European Union maintains close contact with the parties concerned to help them implement the road map.
The Palestinian leadership must take practical steps to demonstrate the commitment of extremists to take such acts.
“If the addressee is unable to reasonably anticipate the information messages to be assigned to the specific information system.
Proposed new paragraph
However, in legislative and policy areas, there appears to be no measures to mainstream gender mainstreaming into government policies.
Deeply concerned at the impact of Liberia and its impact on the humanitarian situation in the country, including the tragic loss of innocent innocent people and its devastating impact in the region,
The overall theme of the High-level Dialogue High-level Dialogue is the follow-up to the Monterrey Consensus and the status and future of the future.
The uneven imbalance in draft resolution A/C.5/60/L.4 is that it is not only the exclusion of weapons of mass destruction only on conventional arms.
The Monterrey Conference has emphasized the need to mobilize and national, regional and international policies and to coordinate the activities of the organizations and bodies of the United Nations and the Bretton Woods institutions, including the United Nations and the Bretton Woods institutions.
3 March 2003
The Institute of Mines, Border Investigation and the Procurement Adviser, which is currently in the main areas of these critical areas, assisted the Sierra Leone police.
The suffering of children is particularly difficult in order to allow them to live, bed beds, disinfent and sleep.
Election of officers.
It was also suggested that paragraphs 19 and 20 should be merged with special priority and insolvency issues.
governing bodies
Decides further that the Working Group will make recommendations to identify the review of the implementation of the outcomes of the outcomes of the United Nations and the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits, including the format and cycles of the review, bearing in mind the positive role of all relevant stakeholders in implementing the outcomes of the United Nations conferences and summits;
Aware that the implementation of the Habitat Agenda, the Declaration on Cities and Other Human Settlements in the new millennium and the internationally agreed development goals in the new millennium, including the objectives contained in the United Nations Millennium Declaration, need to be more high and effective,
Meeting of the Security Council with the troop-contributing countries to the United Nations Peacekeeping Force in Cyprus pursuant to resolution 1353 (2001), annex II, sections A and B.
The situation in Liberia.
The General Assembly,
The White Paper proposed that the British citizenship would expand the citizens of overseas Territories, while requested the Overseas Territories to amend their local legislation, particularly in respect of human rights and financial services, to meet international standards.
In 2000, the Government spent 500 million dollars, most of which were financed by the Anguilla Bank and the private commercial banks.
In the General Assembly, the General Assembly calls upon States, specialized agencies and non-governmental organizations to increase special allocations for grants scholarships and scholarships for Palestine refugees, and invites the relevant specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system to continue to receive higher education in their respective mandates, with the assistance of the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East (UNRWA) for the benefit of such scholarships and scholarships, and to provide qualified candidates to the Palestinian refugees.
Tunisia welcomed the recent publication of the report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the provisions of the Charter relating to assistance to third States affected by sanctions.
The Committee should focus on the issue of a more small number of issues to avoid the use of resources to the attention of other United Nations agencies, such as the sanctions groups and the Special Committee on Peacekeeping Operations, as well as the Special Committee on Peacekeeping Operations.
(b) Domestic stability system
Those who leave those who leave their homes are often difficult, because the mass exoduses of the population are often in the absence of the most vulnerable and unwilling to provide basic assistance and protection in the crisis and conflict.
States recognized their primary responsibility for ensuring that refugees and internally displaced persons are protected.
A copy of a copy of the invoices issued by Santa Fe's Engineering Company and the company issued a full payment certificate.
Mr. Roshd (Egypt), speaking on behalf of China, Dominica, Kuwait, Malaysia, Myanmar, Nigeria, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, the Sudan, Swaziland and the United Arab Emirates, requested a separate vote on draft resolutions 3 (b) and 6 (e)).
He took note of the fact that the President did not apply to the fact that he did not apply to article 129 of the rules of procedure and hoped that the following statement would be recorded in the statement that his delegation remained concerned with the information provided by the Office of Legal Affairs and the President's statement earlier earlier.
KFOR continued to provide assistance to international organizations and non-governmental organizations operating in Kosovo and provide security assistance to support police activities in Kosovo.
In that way, India strongly condemns all terrorism and violence.
Decides that major groups including including non-governmental organizations shall participate in the meetings of the General Assembly in accordance with rule 65 of the provisional rules of procedure of the General Assembly;
Requests the Secretariat of the Secretariat to provide the necessary resources within existing resources to ensure the widest possible use of the objectives and objectives of the International Conference of the United Nations, including non-governmental organizations, including the various major groups, national, regional and international media, including small island developing States, to encourage donor and support international conferences and their preparatory processes;
Article 61
Cooperation between the United Nations and the Asian-African Legal Consultative Organization
The commitments made by Albania, Croatia and Macedonia in the Democratic Republic of the Congo will make them closer to the criteria of membership.
However, we still need to mobilize the necessary resources, together with the need to implement all the declarations adopted by our various aspects — and that these declarations have a great hope in our minds in our hearts.
We re-energize the efforts of the economy to complement new FDI, ODA transfer, transfer of technology and the need to deepen cooperation with Member States and global civil society.
We are equally sadly informed that the Committee on Peacekeeping Management of Iraq has been killed by the death of the recent terrorist attacks.
Recent events have demonstrated that the existing nuclear non-proliferation regime has inherent limitations in addressing the proliferation of proliferators.
The vision of Medo and Robert Shoyman has led to the establishment of the European Co-industrial Community, which has subsequently evolved as a multilateral integration body for the former European Union.
The international peace and security will be a major threat to international peace and security as a result of the threat of pressure and expression.
“(6) bis
Application or choice of application
Some participants expressed support for the proposal.
The Protocol will enter into force in January 2003.
The database can be entered into the database (www.die.gov.gov).
Rural women
The revised version of the document was submitted to the Security Council on 29 September 2003.
It is also concerned that we are assessing the evidence collected by each suspect.
The President: I now give the floor to the Prosecutor's Prosecutor to respond to any comments or questions.
Mr. Mirazz (Islamic Republic of Iran) said that his delegation agreed to the Secretary-General in his report (A/58/35) and its recommendations on enhancing cooperation between South-South cooperation and enhancing the public awareness of South-South cooperation.
During the reporting period, the Special Rapporteur met with the Permanent Missions of Iraq to the Geneva Special Mission.
In addition, the Hong Kong, the Occupied Palestinian Territory and the Islamic Republic of Iran have similar institutions.
2 Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-eighth Session, Supplement No. 37 (A/58/37).
Provisional agenda for the ninth session of the Commission
On 13 September 2003, the Conference submitted a draft text of the 2005 Ministerial Ministerial Declaration (Jobo) (Job)/150/Rev.2), and the WTO member States continued to undertake consultations.
Developing countries generally believe that the draft revised draft was not fully reflected in their interests and concerns.
The major challenge is to incorporate climate change concerns into risk assessment and modelling.
“1. The number of persons who use the use of force, the threat of force and the use or use of other aircraft in other places of detention to 15 to 15 years.
International cooperation in the peaceful uses of outer space
Summary
Response.
He proposed the proposed work of the proposed work on such measures as well as the mandate of the anti-personnel mines, and announced that the country had become one of the co-sponsors of Denmark and the United States.
Format
Implementation of resolution 1373 (2001)
This is a good start, but it will be necessary to fulfil the commitment of the rule of law, which will require a significant number of resources.
Over the past 10 years, the number of conflicts in internal conflicts has increased significantly, and the nature of armed conflict has been significantly changed.
It is hoped that, not only in the United Nations system, in the context of the preparation of reports, consultations with the relevant agencies and civil society should be consulted.
In this paragraph, it was proposed that “special attention should be paid to the emergency situation of those minorities”.
At its 6th meeting, on 13 June, the SBSTA adopted the following conclusions, following a proposal submitted by the Chairman:
The Joint Inspection Unit signed agreements and memorandums of understanding in order to exchange information on the monitoring of the financial network in Colombia, Spain and Panama.
• The list of companies and the list of items;
Similarly, the European Commission's experts held a preliminary discussion on the local leaders of UNMIK and the central and municipal local leaders, which began a process of consensus-building among grass-roots communities.
A disciplinary code has been implemented and a recruitment policy will soon be approved.
In its report on its forty-sixth session, the Committee approved the recommendations of the Working Group on the establishment of a working group to prepare the report of the fifty-ninth session of the General Assembly, namely, to review progress made in implementing the recommendations of the Third United Nations Conference on the Exploration and Peaceful Uses of Outer Space (UNISPACE III), and endorsed the new mechanisms and new initiatives to respond to the implementation of the recommendations of UNISPACE III at the next session of the Subcommittee.
This has enabled Sweden to obtain all data on all parts of the European Union through a direct exit model.
The Latin American and Caribbean Group will take active and effective work to ensure that the final outcome of the Conference is not accepted in the form and in the form of the meeting.
During the meeting of the Standing Committee, held in February and May 2003, the International Centre for the International Humanitarian Demining (HICHD) held two mine-clearance experts in Geneva, with a view to preparing the annex to the final report of the Standing Committee.
The International Test and Evaluation Programme: One of the participation of participating countries in order to avoid repeated efforts to avoid duplication of efforts to test and evaluate humanitarian demining equipment, systems and tools.
(c) Provide all necessary assistance to enable his Special Envoy to implement this resolution and to explore any possibility of the full and effective discharge of its mandate in the context of the mediation role;
The participation of developing countries in regional trade arrangements and bilateral trade arrangements does not diminish the key role of the multilateral system, which would have no choice in the light of the fact that the universal system of non-discrimination is not a non-discriminatory system.
Finding solutions need to consider the actual trade economy of specific countries and assess their identity.
International Telecommunication Union
General Category
The Conference of the Parties,
Recalling its decision 14/COP.4 on the re-establishment of an early warning system,
Requests the secretariat, in cooperation with the Committee of Experts on Science and Technology, to select three to four separate cases of experts from Parties to the report of the Scientific and Technical Subcommittee at its seventh session;
The other Main Committees of the General Assembly frequently use this approach.
The Advisory Committee recalls that the appropriation appropriated by the General Assembly in its resolution 56/294 of 27 June 2002 amounted to $39,981,800 gross ($8,022,000 net) for the maintenance of the expenses of UNDOF for the period from 1 July 2002 to 30 June 2003.
In addition, there is also a need to increase the salaries of local staff from 1 July 2002 and the estimated cost of $355,000 for the daily driver of the civilian staff to be returned to Damascus and the Fariar battalion.
One of the federal budgets of each year has been allocated to the safe security of chemical weapons and improve such security as a area of international cooperation.
At the same time, the Office for Equal Opportunities has been used in the use of a number of procedures to be used.
(2) Provide or provide skills or specialized technical assistance to terrorist organizations, their instructions or cooperate;
The Chairman said that the phrase “legal law” might be to refer to other laws, while “legal” means expressly referred to the law of the concession contract.
The daily conflict ultimately affects civilians, leading the paralysis of socio-economic and the deterioration of the blockade.
Security Council resolution 1397 (2002) reflects that this resolution reaffirms the importance of the principle of coexistence between the two States in a secure system of coexistence.
The destructive effects of these countries and the serious threat posed by these regimes, as well as the terrible integration of Iran's illegal nuclear weapons programmes, hostility intentions and their repressive regime, are not well known to all delegates and the entire world.
According to the Mission's assessment, the overall situation in the Zugdidi sector is generally calm.
I would like to turn to some of the work of the international community on the part of the international community.
I am often listening to the donor countries, and I know that there is a counter-standing word.
He was eloquent, open and frankly speaking on the loss and transformation of commodity-dependent countries.
The above-mentioned guidelines aim to provide a normative, coherent risk assessment framework to enable the Government to reduce the changes in the risk of reducing the risks of the ship and port facilities.
In addition to this, intensive industrial production is also a source of pollution.
In this regard, the Code stresses the importance of providing special efforts to protect those habitats in the health and survival capacity of those habitats without destruction, degradation, pollution and threats to fisheries resources.
There is a need to strengthen the control of flag flag vessels.
See also the news materials issued on 8 January 2003 by the Department of Energy and Transport of the European Commission.
He also recommended that the Special Rapporteur be mandated to clarify the issues needed to clarify.
The Committee recommends that the ESCAP regional follow-up should include the following efforts: promoting regional and subregional cooperation; help the establishment of information exchange and the exchange of information and experience networks; resource mobilization; and promoting best practices.
The Secretariat will revise the country database in accordance with three criteria adopted by the system.
Strengthening the role of the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights and the fight against poverty into the field of human rights, with a view to developing a national plan of action.
New York, 12-23 May 2003
Provisional agenda and other arrangements for the twenty-first session of the Governing Council.
Recalling also General Assembly resolution 32/162 of 19 December 1977 entitled “International cooperation for international cooperation in the field of human settlements”, in particular the eighth part of the section: “Cooperation with the United Nations system”,
The Committee welcomes the adoption of the results-based budgeting format, as part of the objectives, expected accomplishments and indicators of achievement, as part of the executive direction and management.
The Committee also emphasizes that three subprogrammes should be strengthened in a comprehensive and comprehensive partnership with a comprehensive and comprehensive socio-economic initiative in Africa.
Concern was expressed about the establishment of the Office of the High Representative for the Least Developed Countries, Landlocked Developing Countries and Small Island Developing States, which had led to the suspension of certain outputs.
It was pointed out that statistics were one of the areas that might lead to overlap.
The view was expressed that the Office of the High Commissioner should make every effort to promote cooperation between the United Nations and other departments, agencies and specialized agencies and the division of labour and to ensure coherence in their policies.
Table 24.13
Replace the paragraph to read: “(c) the knowledge base for strengthening sustainable development; the transfer of technology, more effective use of national and regional reports and other information on sustainable development progress; and the use and dissemination of existing data collection and dissemination methods, including through greater utilization of information technology, and the development of the outcome of the World Summit on Sustainable Development, in all areas of the implementation of Agenda 21 and the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation.
The view was expressed that recommendations 3 and 8 seemed to be repeated and should be carefully addressed.
It was reported that, in addition to the non-governmental organizations of the Americas (Colombia), there were no social discrimination in many parts of the Roma, in many parts of the world, and in the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, there were frequent incidents of abuse of Roma victims.
In order to provide adequate and effective remedies, the establishment of a independent court or tribunal composed of minority members is established.
However, it would be difficult to develop two measures to ensure that the international standards imposed on certain countries are not difficult.
They also outlined the work of the Office of the High Commissioner, including the work of the regional network of national institutions.
Acceptance of the audited financial statements of peacekeeping operations for the period from 1 July 2001 to 30 June 2002;
First Committee
Endorses the report of the United Nations Mission in Tokelau for 2002;
In its resolution 56/219 of 21 December 2001, the General Assembly took note of the strategy as outlined in the strategy outlining the overall goal of mine action and recommended that the entire international community should be given priority for the period 2001-2005.
These three judicial processes are not excluded, but mutually reinforcing to help Rwanda's justice and reconciliation.
This record is equally important for the exercise of legal and regulatory rights.
According to the existing legislation, the representatives of the ICTY have the right to deal with the proceedings and the archives of the Tribunal, and the evidence provided by the ICTY could also be directly applied to domestic trials.
However, the United Nations has failed to take action on the issue of Iraq, but it is not possible to stop the bloodshed and that the United Nations has not failed to resolve the crisis in the Middle East in the twenty-first century.
The General Assembly, as the principal deliberative and decision-making body of the United Nations, must seriously consider the recommendations made by the debate.
It was asked that how we can support the prevention of local preventive efforts?
Open-ended informal consultations on the oceans and the law of the sea
Ecosystem approaches need to be taken into account in the management of management decisions and to consider such functions and processes.
Invites civil society, non-governmental organizations and the private sector to contribute to the intergovernmental preparatory process of the Summit, as established by the Preparatory Committee, and to participate actively in the Summit;
The Commission considered the exhaustion of local remedies within the context of the international responsibility of responsibility, as a “general principle of general international law” in the case of judicial decisions, national practice, treaty and judicial writings.
Under the doctrine of a right to remedy, the injured alien would require the exhaustion of the rights of the injured State and may lead to a remedy.
The issue of this topic is also cited in also C.F. Dasinghe, the local remedies in international law (1990).
(a) The General Assembly shall decide on the use of air tickets not available to the General Assembly, with the view to which the delegations of the least developed countries are invited to participate in the sessions of the Economic and Social Council;
Mr. Eonald Faria (Secretariat) said that, as explained in the footnote, alternative wording were intended to address ways of obtaining access to employment by the concessionaire in various legislation.
Pending the Panel's submission of the claims submitted by the Panel, the secretariat of the secretariat has conducted a preliminary assessment of these claims.
Although some claimants were received, there were no responses to the above standards.
Contribution to development effectiveness at the national level
Recalling also its decision 2001/320 of 24 October 2001, in which it decided to include a regular sub-item entitled “Review and coordination of the implementation of the Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries for the Decade 2001-2010” under the regular agenda item entitled “Integrated and coordinated implementation of and follow-up to major United Nations conferences and summits”,
The General Assembly authorized the review of the review, which focused on a number of administrative areas, which had led to the expansion of the Organization's production.
The European Union reaffirms its determination to sign, ratify and implement the Convention against terrorism.
The bill covers the following matters:
18 June 2004
In the Council's resolution, the Council proposed other mandates and referred to the work of the Group of Experts to enhance the illegal exploitation of natural resources and other forms of wealth of natural resources in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, as well as in particular the relationship between the problem and the illicit trade in small arms and light weapons.
Results of dialogue and cooperation with the parties
The fifth party, despite the opportunity, has not responded to the report of the Group of Experts.
Unless a regional solution is found, there is no longer-term implementation.
Slovenia has been requested to provide a response to the form of supplementary reports by 7 July 2003.
Noting the continuing provision of policy guidance for the United Nations conferences and summits in the 1990s and its follow-up processes, which will provide guidance on the strengthening of policies and programmes for family centres, as part of a comprehensive comprehensive development approach,
The present report is prepared in paragraph 6 of resolution 1390 (2002).
Ms. Hampson (Chairman of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions), introducing the report of the Advisory Committee on the report of the Board of Auditors (A/57/439), noted that delays in the implementation of the recommendations of the Board and the recommendations of the Board of Auditors remain a matter of great concern.
With regard to the provision of advances to the Central Emergency Revolving Fund, the European Union agreed that the status of the implementation of the report of the Humanitarian Coordinating Bureau was unclear in 1998.
If so, please provide the Committee with similar information on the information provided to the list of entities listed in the list.
If so, please provide reasons for reasons, suspension or restitution.
In our banking and financial system, any type of financial activities have been authorized to authorize other legal entities or natural or natural persons (public witnesses, lawyers or financial administrators).
Expressing its appreciation to the Special Representative of the Secretary-General for the important work carried out by the Special Representative during the first three years of its mandate,
Second regular session 2003
It constitutes part of the long-term policy of the occupying Power and its subsidiary authorities, which cannot be supported by a renewed annexation of Cyprus and that it was not criticized by the occupying forces and the Turkish Cypriot Cypriots who are members of the European Union.
In different size, “biological trade” is also designed to combine the environmental and social dimensions of trade and biodiversity.
This means: (a) the extent to which the potential new knowledge areas related to the development of development issues will be included in the areas of capacity development; (b) flexible flexibility in design actions, so as to adapt to new topics or new models if necessary.
Conclusions and recommendations
The mandate of the Doha Conference means the international community's efforts to meet the work of the WTO in order to achieve development.
The General Assembly should actively participate in the process of the decision-making process of a member State and to follow up on its implementation.
These unilateral actions are contrary to international law and the Charter of the United Nations, and the obstacles to trade and financial relations among countries have impeded the economic and social development of the injured countries.
The Committee asked why there was a lack of baseline data for three bienniums, and the baseline data for the performance of performance is not intended for the completion of the outputs.
Several factors have led to this change.
(t) “Private personnel” means any employee, organization or officials of any entity, organization or private or private legal or private legal or private legal entity outside the duty of the duty of the official person?
Article 21
(b) In conformity with the basic concepts of the legal system:
(c) In accordance with subparagraph (b), the predicate offence shall include offences under the jurisdiction of the State party concerned and outside the jurisdiction of the State party concerned.
Article 37
However, the requested State Party may provide assistance in the context of its discretion, as appropriate, in the context of its discretion, irrespective of whether the act is criminalized by the State party's domestic law.
(b) The subject and nature of the investigation, prosecution or trial proceedings, as well as the names and functions of the departments and functions in the investigation, prosecution or trial proceedings;
The State party shall ensure that its banking and financial institutions maintain the transaction records in the appropriate period of time.
During the second reading of the second reading of the second reading of the third session of the Ad Hoc Committee, Pakistan proposed the following wording:
Those delegations expressed the view that the design of the Convention's design system should take into account existing regional mechanisms and to avoid unnecessary duplication.
This figure reflects emissions from all sectors for the period 2000-2010 (in “measures” for the period 2000-2000, except for waste management.
Note: Note by the State code, please refer to annex.
These rates include the salaries and office costs of the lawyers.
One third of the total payment of the lump sum is to be used in the period of time when the trial phase has been scheduled to be used in the earlier time.
I have the honour to inform you for the full text of the report.
If it is recognized as a organization of terrorism, its assets are confiscated and transferred to the State.
To date, more than 50 countries have expressed their support for the joint statement.
In accordance with article 23 of the Convention, the right of adolescents to enjoy the highest attainable standard of physical and mental health is the right to the highest attainable standard of physical and mental health.
Agenda
Issues relating to forests
The process of the preparation of this report shows that, although there is a more good and cost-effectiveness, cooperation among developing countries has been very widely broad, but most of those who have been engaged in cooperation in practice have not received institutional policies.
Many Governments have renounced the concept of the conduct of the first time in the Buenos Aires Conference.
The political conflict and the lack of financial resources in Africa's least developed countries is the main obstacle to expanding South-South cooperation.
UNDP's field staff network has been expanded, with the main partners to use their resources to provide advisory services to the programme member States.
To be able to deal with terrorism, the work of the following three main counter-terrorism areas will be focused on the use of terrorists to engage in terrorist activities (e.g. the prevention of terrorist activities, the prohibition of false documents, the prohibition of false documents and the elimination of weapons of mass destruction; and the need to ensure the entry into force of terrorism, the strengthening of the national security capacity and the need to extradite and/or extradite-laundering (e.g. weapons of mass destruction, and to ensure that the fight against terrorism, the strengthening of the national security capacity and the capacity-building capacity of the crisis).
The development of development must be an integral part of international investment agreements in order to support the national policy to attract more FDI and increase gains.
NGOs have organized national maps to improve women's image and eliminate stereotypes.
Ms. Popopcucu said that she wished to know the status of indigenous women in Ecuador.
In addition, the Committee would like to know the need for literacy training, as well as to reduce the situation of girls in school.
The construction of the wall is a unilateral act, which is not consistent with the road map, as it makes it more difficult to create a viable, continuous Palestinian State.
Capacity-building.
First session (Part I and II)
The next city and Hiagnrora Industries in Kabul, the Industrial Development Bank, 1976 (also with others).
The Permanent Mission of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland to the United Nations presents its compliments to the Secretary-General of the United Nations for the note by the Secretary-General dated 7 November 2002 and 14 February 2003 of the Secretary-General to inform the United Nations Legal Counsel, the observer of the United Kingdom (the United Kingdom Office of the United Kingdom), Mr. Peter Koller, for the Committee on Budget and Finance of the International Criminal Court.
A resident partner, Malawi's International Accounting Corporation, Malawi, Malawi
Convinced of the urgent need to combat organized crime and all forms of terrorism and to strengthen international cooperation and technical assistance,
For example, port-level countries in the private sector ( Tanzania, Mozambique and Djibouti) lacked adequate funding and are implementing the structural adjustment programme.
Judge Meron
The Chairman said that draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.47 was submitted by the Vice-Chairman of the Committee, Ms. Joseph-Chodin (Sweden), on the basis of informal consultations held on draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.21.
Contents
Portugal supports the statement made by the representative of the European Union and agrees with the wording of articles 1 and 3.
Financial contracts and net reserves
Such termination should be permitted and offset to determine risk risks, not the termination of such contracts, and that the termination of these contracts is before or after the commencement of insolvency proceedings.
The Chief Prosecutor expressed its interest in the number of initial investigations of the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights and the Commission on Truth and Reconciliation, in particular the mapping and forensic report, that the High Commissioner agreed to share those documents between the Truth and Reconciliation Commission and the Special Court.
(a) Develop administrative policies, mechanisms and mechanisms to promote efficient, efficient effectiveness of the judicial system, including, where appropriate, prompt action, to address the complaints of staff;
At its 2nd meeting, on 4 March 2003, the Commission considered agenda item 4 (b).
(Programme 24 of the medium-term plan for the period 2002-2005)
The present report is submitted in the present report.
Currently, two prominent human rights activists were detained in custody and they are accused of treason.
Letter dated 24 October 2003 from the Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1373 (2001) concerning counter-terrorism addressed to the President of the Security Council
Emphasizes the importance of implementing the implementation of the Programme of Action in respect of the follow-up to human rights and respect for human rights as an important factor in managing migration flows, consolidating democracy and achieving the rule of law and stability;
Requests the Secretary-General to report to the General Assembly at its sixtieth session on progress made towards follow-up to the implementation of the Programme of Action;
Invites ECOWAS to extend its membership, in accordance with paragraphs 10 and 17 of the present resolution and the implementation of the ECOWAS Declaration on the Limitation of Small Arms and Light Weapons by ECOWAS, in accordance with paragraphs 10 and 17 of the present resolution, as well as the report of the Committee on the Elimination of Small Arms and Light Weapons;
Joint meeting of UNDP/UNFPA, UNICEF and WFP
Several countries participated in some specific aspects of the debate: Benin participated in the simplification and harmonization of the debate, Malawi's debate on HIV/AIDS, Nepal participated in debate on the Millennium Development Goals.
Question of human rights in the occupied Arab territories, including Palestine
The Committee held a formal meeting (under 450 meetings), which was held in the course of 2003 and held several meetings in 2003.
The Panel has not yet been able to direct direct contact between these requirements and the current situation in Liberia.
Many witnesses reported to the Panel of Experts that many individuals could be subjected to a breach of the prohibition because they have a foreign nationality or a residence permit in other countries.
The evaluation identified some weaknesses in the effectiveness of the project.
The right to promote and protect women and women in Nigeria and women.
3 p.m. 65th plenary meeting General Assembly Hall
Information is also provided on the situation of ethnic groups of the Niger.
Requests the Secretary-General to submit a report to the General Assembly at its resumed fifty-eighth session on the report of the Secretary-General to submit a report on the outstanding reports of peacekeeping missions that have ended the outstanding cash deficit;
Noting with satisfaction the comprehensive synthesis of the draft resolution, based on the Inter-Organization Subcommittee on the Sound Management of Dangerous Goods, the International Labour Organization Organization and the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, and a comprehensive report on the draft decision, which may be a consensus on the global unity system,
Cessation of nuclear arms and nuclear disarmament.
We therefore fully support this effort.
Greater efforts must be made to identify terrorist acts as a result of fanaticism or evil, which is the result of political or economic injustice.
The President (spoke in French): I now give the floor to His Excellency Mr. Luis Ernré Bbert, Minister for Foreign Affairs of Mexico.
China is one of the victims of terrorism.
This principle has been more profound when the world faces greater risks.
How can we do this?
However, some problems cannot not be paid to the attention of the participants.
Another threat to international peace and security — you would like to correct our assessment — a vertical proliferation.
Group of 77 (at the ambassadorial level)
As Mr. Mohamed Bennouna spoke in his previous statement, this arrangement guarantees the smooth handover of the functions of the President and to ensure the full functioning of the General Assembly.
These concerns relate to the implementation of the land law; forestry and agricultural concessions are not sufficient to secure the poor; some of them have been paid to the poor-based projects; and the return of displaced persons in the road-building project and the poor and the poor.
This fact, coupled with the need to focus on addressing vulnerability and risk analysis, reflects the need for disaster relief to prevention.
The entry into force of the International Federation of Turkmenistan between Turkmenistan and the Russian Federation for the admission of imprisonment to the sentence of imprisonment (resolution 18 May 1995).
The following acts result in death or other major consequences of death, which shall be sentenced to 10 to 25 years of imprisonment.
The following acts are:
A/58/7/Add.13; Final text, Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-eighth Session, Supplement No. 77.
What is what we have done by the Secretary-General of the United Nations Monitoring, Verification and Inspection Commission (UNMOVIC) and the Director-General of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA).
Only after the threat of force and the adoption of Security Council resolution 1441 (2002) — the last opportunity of the Government of Iraq to the Government of Iraq, and the unconditional, immediate and active cooperation of the inspectors in the disarmament process — can only be achieved in cooperation with the inspectors, but still far beyond the extent of “validity, immediate and active”.
What is the meaning of the right to health?
The third type of disease - acute neglected diseases — and the lack of little research and development in rich countries, are largely developed by commercial development.
Global counter-terrorism standards.
Dissemination and dissemination of the work of the Counter-Terrorism Committee on the preparation of the “Terrorism Information and Assistance Resources” paper.
Key findings
A detailed study of the female sex industry was conducted in 2002.
It was proposed that paragraph 8.1 could interfere with the application of the existing practice contained in the bill of lading and the “froad” bill of lading and a number of other types of transport documents.
A general comment was made on the wording of the draft instrument contained in article 8 of the draft instrument that the term “document the transport document and electronic record” was repeatedly used and the purpose of the purpose was to highlight the distinction between the transport document and electronic records, rather than the intention of the Working Group to focus on the content of documentation.
Concern was expressed regarding the same concerns regarding draft article 12.2.2 and called for the text of the draft article, which should be specified in the text of the draft article, which would be liable to the liability under the contract of carriage under the contract of carriage.
It was further noted that the draft instrument should address other issues of conflict between the draft instrument and other transport conventions, as set out in the Swedish proposal, for example, such as the specific identification of compensation and damage to the problem of compensation (see paras. 258 and 264 to 267).
I would like to remind the Permanent Mission and the observer delegation that, on the basis of security considerations, the vehicle will be closed on Tuesday, 21 September 2003, at 8 p.m., and to be opened to the approval of the vehicles at 4 September 2003.
Uruguay
Ratification: Jamaica (29 September 2003)1
These activities reflect the importance of the procurement system to the global economy and also highlights the efforts of the international agencies involved in the field of procurement.
In accordance with the conclusions of the twelfth session of the SBSTA, the Secretariat will use such information as well as the work of the United Nations International Civil Aviation Organization in cooperation with civil aviation organizations to improve further methodological work on the quality of data reporting and to support the work of experts of experts in Annex I.
Action: The SBSTA is invited to consider the information provided in the present document and to provide guidance to Parties and the Secretariat as appropriate.
In addition, the authorities also need all air transportation to take place from the north.
FAO and non-governmental organizations supported the report on the health system and livestock vaccination;
The booklet entitled “The United Nations and decolonization” was drafted in 2001 by the Department of Political Affairs of the Department of Political Affairs, which is a number of questions raised by individuals and organizations from Non-Self-Governing Territories, which focused mainly on the role of the United Nations in the Non-Self-Governing Territories, the work of the Special Committee, the implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples, the implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples, and the status of the Territory.
Mr. Requeijolo (Cuba) noted with satisfaction the comprehensive report of the Department of Public Information on the public seminar on the Caribbean Regional Seminar, which also broadcast the debate on the press.
According to the provisions of the Swiss law, there is no reason for freezing the assets of individuals and entities suspected of Osama bin Laden, Al-Qaida or the Taliban.
In the light of the changes in the annex, the EVA system will be amended immediately.
The possibility of providing assistance to other States to help them implement the measures set out in the relevant United Nations resolutions.
Potential options
9.9 In accordance with General Assembly resolution 56/253 and 57/292, the United Nations Office at Nairobi has strengthened the United Nations Office at Nairobi to strengthen the proposal of the Office of the current regular budget to be included in section 29.2 of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
(iii) Exhibits, guided tours, lectures: exhibitions and charts, photographic materials and services (1); and collective visits (1);
But the success of the United Nations as envisaged in Monterrey depends on the need for a greater vision of global partnerships.
At present, we must be committed to the spirit of partnership among the poor and rich nations in Monterrey.
Review of human settlements policy.
Commercial fraud may undermine commercial credibility and undermine industrial, regional, international banking systems, financial markets, international commercial statements, international trade and stability in countries.
Cooperation with criminal law enforcement and regulatory sectors should be encouraged, but the business and commercial law can also play an important role in preventing and combating commercial fraud.
The arbitral tribunal also has increasingly used similar powers for the use of the arbitral proceedings.
Internet and computer technologies have not only increased the implementation of traditional crimes (e.g. theft of identity, misappropriation of intellectual property, violation of copyright, credit fraud, software theft, tracking, detection, extortion and other crimes), but also increasing the threat of the business and the Government, such as utilities, energy, transport and communications.
• To ensure the free access of all parties to outer space and to avoid the use of debris as soon as possible;
They have repeatedly emphasized that economic, social and social injustice are a cause of optimism and a cause for new conflicts, and that there is a need to redress the growing international inequality, democracy, stability, security and peace.
They reiterated their conviction that the members of the Non-Aligned Movement should be able to conclude a universal, unconditional and legally binding instrument on the security assurances of non-nuclear-weapon States, pending a comprehensive elimination of nuclear weapons.
The Heads of State or Government fully opposed these issues to the conditions and pretexts that restrict access to markets in developing countries and restrict assistance and technology to developing countries or to trade negotiations.
The Financial Market Council also has similar measures in the export brokers.
In accordance with the rules of procedure, we should continue to pursue a series of restrictive ballot.
I should be grateful if you would have the present letter circulated as a document of the fifty-ninth session of the Commission on Human Rights.
To that end, an independent or court court should be established and provide appropriate procedures for minority minorities to be violated.
Considering that every State party to the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights must ensure that all individuals under their territory and their jurisdiction enjoy the rights recognized by the Convention,
Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-second Session, Supplement No. 3 (A/52/3/Rev.1), chap. IV, para.
A total of $6.5 million would be allocated to civilian staff training, some $1.7 million for peacekeeping operations.
In fact, all commercial banks and financial institutions in Thailand are guided by the guidelines in order to report their actions to Thailand.
Addressing violence against women is an essential component of the fight against HIV/AIDS.
(b) To organize campaigns and engage in the participation of media and eminent persons in their participation as a good example of men's roles and to increase the participation of men in HIV/AIDS care and support activities;
Notes
Ibid.
UNFPA has helped to develop a national population policy and update the census information, which is essential for the preparation of a plan for the development of social economic and demographic issues.
In the World Bank, the Advisory Group met with the Vice-President of the Deputy Director and the Director of the African Regional Bureau of African Africa; the National Coordinator, Mr. Mary Boon-Deck, and national economists and the heads of State of Guinea-Bissau, Mr. Marloo Ande.
- Law No. 70-209 of 20 March 1970 on the implementation of the Financial Regulations of the 1970s;
I have the honour to transmit to you herewith a letter dated 15 January 2003 from the representative of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus to the United Nations (see annex).
It was also supported by the Advisory Group's support for providing development assistance to Guinea-Bissau.
(a) Regional preparatory meetings for the first session of the CRIC
The implementation of the UNCCD's implementation was discussed at the first time between the affected countries.
At the first session of the CRIC, held in Rome in November 2002, a consultative meeting was held in Rome in November 2002 to provide an analysis of the analysis and possible measures to be taken in the light of the needs and recommendations of each Annex IV in regional cooperation.
In paragraph 2 of its resolution 1284 (1999), the Security Council took into account the recommendations of Ambassador Amorim on the implementation of a non-compliance with the implementation of a non-compliance with the verification mechanism.
A number of representatives commended the Executive Director's report for comprehensive and comprehensive reports showing their support for the proposed programme of work.
The Committee of the Whole will consider the item in paragraph 2 above, on Tuesday, 8 April 2003, to consider the items referred to in paragraph 2 above.
Ensuring the security of information contained in the information and telecommunications system is a major factor for ensuring security, national and national sovereignty and stable social development.
Decides to establish the United Nations Mission in Côte d'Ivoire (UNMIK) for a period of six months, with a mandate to promote the implementation of the Linas-Marcoussis Agreement in Côte d'Ivoire and in accordance with the proposed options presented in the report of the Secretary-General (b), in which the Mission included a military component with the support of France and ECOWAS forces;
In accordance with General Assembly resolution 1460 (2003), the need for the recruitment or use of children to all parties to the conflict in accordance with their international obligations, as well as the use of children, shall cease to recruit or use children;
The Secretary-General of the Secretary-General of the United Nations, Mr. Ordhonhonidze, made a strong support to our initiative, Mr. Kofi Annan, of the United Nations Secretary-General, Mr. Kofi Annan, on 21 January, and that it would be extremely encouraging that it will be formally launched.
“In the report of the 2001 annual session, I have a paradox of silence.
Children remain the main victims of conflict.
In 1999 in Sierra Leone, my Special Representative was committed from RUF to allow for the use and release of children and child soldiers for humanitarian purposes, while the Civil Defence Forces had also made no recruitment of child soldiers and their commitment to demobilize.
In its resolution 1460 (2003), the Council, in its resolution 1460 (2003), supported the call for the implementation of the Decade and requested a specific proposal for monitoring and reporting.
The situation in Somalia
Since the outbreak of hostilities in Iraq has been a difficult moment.
For Japan, my country will be actively committed to the fulfilment of the United Nations's primary responsibility to enable it to find ways of addressing the challenges faced by the international community.
It is not a question of disarmament experts.
In paragraph 6 of its decision 9, the Council identified that the claimant's claim for the claimant's claim is to take reasonable steps to mitigate losses, “the total amount of compensation for compensation would be reduced by the loss of loss”.
At the broader level, significant progress has been made in the management and management of United Nations military personnel, civilian police and civilian personnel and the deployment of the United Nations Logistics Base at Brindisi, Italy.
Education is another major consideration, because poor families usually do not enjoy equal education, or there are no opportunities in some cases.
If migrants do not meet the time required, social welfare requirements may jeopardize the rights of migrants and their families in the host country.
The erosion of urban migration has eroded the inter-generational support of the people of many years in the past years, and they have disrupted relations with traditional areas.
In some countries of Latin America and the Caribbean, the majority of older persons who are vulnerable to mental disorders are particularly vulnerable to their abandonment, and many persons who have left the labour market will soon be separated from their families and thus lost their material support.
Such a legal framework is generally not to protect traditional knowledge and cultural heritage of indigenous peoples, as indigenous peoples emphasize the common ownership of their full resources.
The incompatibility between policy development and international cooperation is alarming.
Recalling further its resolution 57/270 B of 23 June 2003 on the integrated and coordinated implementation of and follow-up to the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits in the economic and social fields,
Taking into account:
International Association for Education Education and Research
As explained in paragraph 136 of the present report, the Council will consider the issue of the preparation of the claim.
In the case of a claim, compensation was sought for the payment of the goods in Iraq in the sale of goods to Iraq in accordance with the sale of the goods in a third State.
/ E2(3) report, para. 82 (citing E2(2) report, paras. 60 and F.11) and paragraphs 94 to 96 of the report.
On instructions from my Government, I have the honour to transmit to you herewith the decision of the International Court of Justice on Honduras-El Salvador, to the letter dated 30 April 2003 from the Permanent Representative of the Organization of American States to the Secretary-General, which is prepared by the Secretary-General of the Organization of American States for the preparation of a technical expert on El Salvador and Honduras.
UNHCR assists refugees, especially women and women, to receive adequate housing, which constitute a major vulnerable group.
See http://www.unicef.org/programme/wwmm.htm.
UNCTAD could play an important role in promoting North-South cooperation in the multilateral trading system, identifying the development of trade and trade issues in North-South interests, and assisting developing countries in preparing and developing national trade policies for multilateral trade negotiations.
The specific circumstances set out in the above-mentioned provisions are in the context of the complexity and detail of the request in each specific case, which may be determined by the agreement of the requesting party, which may be agreed by the requesting party.
The largest trading partners of American Samoa are the United States, followed by New Zealand, Australia and Fiji.
Afghanistan, Bahrain, Comoros, Djibouti, Egypt, Jordan, Kuwait, Lebanon, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Mauritania, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Sudan, United Arab Emirates, Yemen and Palestine: draft resolution A/C.4/58/L.9/Rev.1
The security wall poses serious human rights issues.
Nevertheless, the Special Rapporteur has repeatedly discovered that new settlements continue to be built, while existing settlements continue to grow.
Report of the Government of the Republic of Moldova to the Counter-Terrorism Committee (CTC) submitted by the Chairman of the Counter-Terrorism Committee on 11 July 2003 to the Counter-Terrorism Committee (CTC)
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Mr. Buchbibm (Cuba) (spoke in Spanish): My delegation would like to point out that our country joins the consensus on draft resolution A/58/L.39 on the coordination of emergency humanitarian assistance, which does not mean that it does not mean that we support the concept of the draft resolution — and that the concept of the use of the draft resolution, such as the concept of “protection culture”, has not yet been addressed in the context of the work of the Organization, as well as the use of the concept of the concept of humanitarian assistance, as well as the use of the concept of the concept of humanitarian assistance, as well as the importance of the adoption of the principles of the United Nations Charter.
The Assembly thus concluded this stage of its consideration of sub-item (b) of agenda item 40.
Paragraphs 3 to 8 contains a comment on the “concessment Strategy” established by the Tribunal.
Table 6 (a) of the report provides an increase in income of $1,34.2 million.
However, the main purpose of verification should not be forgotten by economic constraints.
The President: There were 15 votes in favour.
We know the conclusion of the ABM Treaty on the cornerstone of international security.
In the light of the terrorist acts of extremist and individual acts of terrorism, such as those responsible, the State may not exercise the legitimate right of self-defence, and unilateral action may be an unprecedented war, as countless innocent civilians may die from war.
It would only be possible to determine the most important issues that define the meaning of this law, but only to counter.
In the most recent countries, the Government has launched a public campaign to encourage voters to vote.
In Ghana, close relations between the Millennium Development Goals and the national poverty reduction strategy strategy is a major feature of the first Millennium Development Goals report.
As the country participated in the chemical-based project of the Inter-American Drug Abuse Committee, it was therefore necessary to assist the Legal Counsel of the United Nations International Drug Control Programme (UNDCP) in developing new legislation.
Within this framework, the Executive Board also requested the Executive Board to approve the establishment of a post-service health insurance reserve.
The meeting heard a summary of the comprehensive presentation of the country assessment report and the summary of the report's summary of the report, and the achievements of the Caribbean region in achieving sustainable development, and the challenges faced in the implementation of the Programme of Action, and emerging issues.
The Meeting was informed that some research projects were carried out in the areas of biology, biotechnology and medicine.
Rule 129
The regional presence in the South Pacific Forum should be addressed in the region.
The objective should be to establish a management mechanism in accordance with the activities related to the use of the exploration activities, as well as a better understanding of the resources and their environment.
Item 42 of the provisional agenda*
The latest report on the progress made in the follow-up to the Follow-up special session since May 2002 is a general situation and regional situation; a focus on action taken in the four main objectives of the four main objectives and calls for further efforts to achieve the “A world fit for children”.
They also prepared a statement to civil society organizations in the Government, non-governmental organizations and the region, urging them to contribute to the beneficial participation of children and youth.
Noting the growing recognition of all forms of terrorism and terrorism in all its forms and manifestations, in accordance with the provisions of the Charter of the United Nations and the International Covenants on Human Rights, as well as the negative impact on the full enjoyment of human rights and fundamental freedoms and the freedom of democracy,
Annex II
Stressing the interim nature of UNIFIL,
In favour:
Fifth Committee
Staff from other entities and entities (continued)
Recalling also General Assembly resolution 56/1 of 12 September 2001 and 57/267 of 19 November 2002, in which the General Assembly strongly condemned the heinous terrorist acts of 11 September 2001, in which the General Assembly also condemned the heinous acts of terrorist acts in Abkhazia and Moscow, and the urgent appeals of the Security Council to prevent and eradicate terrorist acts, and recalling the fact that the Security Council, in its resolution 1465 (2003) of 13 February 2003, condemned the bombing of an explosion in Bogotá,
New York, 9-13 June 2003
Post-conflict work has become key elements of the global activities of UNDP and the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF).
In the event of the decision, the proposed items of the Secretary-General to the Fifth Committee are allocated to the Fifth Committee.
Fifty-fifth session
The United Nations Convention on Biological Diversity addresses the sustainability of biological technologies.
Biotechnology could complement these obsolete technologies to improve the effectiveness of these obsolete technologies.
The financial sovereignty of the Cayman Islands is expected to be addressed in both visits.
It is possible that all nuclear-weapon States in all nuclear-weapon States will lead to the eventual elimination of their nuclear weapons.
The social dimension of the social dimension requires all refugees, groups and communities themselves to become a group of actors and participate in planning and decision-making in all phases.
It will review more strategic use of resettlement and the use of resettlement within the framework of the Convention's supplementary documents and the work programme for cooperation with the countries to promote the “special agreement”.
However, this does not apply to a legitimate reason that refugees who constitute a threat to security or the legal tribunals who have been sentenced to serious crimes are sentenced to a refugee.
Encourages parents and legal guardians to do their utmost to ensure the education of their children:
In many parts of the world, the former Soviet Union, the former Yugoslav Republic of Yugoslavia and Asia, Africa and Central America and South America, attacked numerous ethnic and religious violence.
S-19/2 Further implementation of Agenda 21
Health services in Nepal are based on integrated primary health care and referral systems.
In addition, a new action is also being taken in the area of health care.
For example, at the policy level, senior female administrative personnel are only 2.4.2 per cent (table 1).
The number of schools and students at all levels has steadily risen (Table 5).
The net enrolment rate for girls is reduced to 26.2 per cent in the secondary school, and 26.2 per cent from boys to 36.5 per cent in the first year, and more than two thirds of the children's children were denied access to education.
Against the Gender Equality Programme, Health of Women, Children and Social Welfare, 2001: Women's Public Civil Service Service to Employment and Domestic Service Services, Kath.
Unfortunately, after the occupation, bloodshed and the defiance of international legitimacy, the Israeli representative remained not aware of the fact that the path of peace is to be implemented by the Security Council resolutions of the Arab Israeli conflict and nearly 600 on the same issue, and nearly 600 of the resolutions of the General Assembly on the same issue, and that all these resolutions remain committed to Israel's defiance of international law.
We would also not be re-evaluating our policies.
The United Nations aims to support the stability, democratization and reconstruction of Iraq, and I commend the United Nations staff's courageous and private work.
The United Nations should be able to carry out a programme to seize this opportunity, rather than through a large-scale or random battle, nor to destroy the use of the perpetrators through a large number of military forces.
Adoption of the agenda and other organizational matters
The Council calls upon all States members of the Authority to contribute to the Trust Fund for the Voluntary Trust Fund in other ways.
In this regard, my delegation would like to stress the importance of the Secretary-General's report (A/57/184) that the report clearly warned us, despite the measures taken so far to prevent the negative impact of the epidemic, which is not sufficient to reduce the negative impact of the epidemic and to reduce new cases.
Progress report on the progress report of the High-agency Task Force on Statistics of the Statistical Force on the Statistics of the International Trade Service (E/CN.3/2004/11) and the Inter-Agency Task Force on Trade in Services (E/CN.3/2004/11).
In accordance with rule 9 of the rules of procedure, the Committee will have before it the draft provisional agenda for its forty-third session and to submit the list of documents for its consideration.
This initiative has developed a model for other countries of the world and should be supported by the new Government.
(o) Note by the Secretary-General transmitting the report of the Special Rapporteur on the right to food (A/58/30)
In his written and oral note, the representative of Burundi noted that, since 1993, the excessive war in the country had been a terrible socio-economic situation in the country, and Burundi was unable to pay its arrears to the United Nations.
In written and oral representations, the Central African Republic noted that its serious economic and social issues were due to the lack of security issues in earlier internal conflicts and still.
The meeting was called to order at 3.05 p.m.
The United States therefore intends to work actively in the Fifth Committee to ensure that this draft resolution does not provide additional budget.
3.3 Innovative approaches to TCDC and investment resources (including resources from donors and other sources under the Government of developing countries, triangular arrangements).
Fifty-eighth session
Paragraphs Page
(o) Nuclear-weapon-free southern hemisphere and adjacent areas;
(s) Conventional arms control at the regional and subregional levels;
Human rights questions [P.11]:
(a) Develop effective national legislation, policy plans and action plans and to strengthen and strengthen governmental institutions relevant to children, including the appointment of the Special Rapporteur on Children's Day and the independent Commissioner for the Promotion of the Rights of Children;
Ibid., para.
It was said that it was not clear to avoid a more visible issue of e-commerce, without not a key objective on this draft article.
The Working Group took note of the draft text and agreed that it could be considered at a later stage.
As at today, the private sector and the private sector fully supported the New Partnership for Africa's Development (NEPAD), which offers additional benefits to many countries, which are deepening their commitment to the values and practices of NEPAD.
Angola is ready to continue to participate in regional and subregional programmes, such as connectivity projects, to enhance the ability of African countries to respond to the challenges facing NEPAD.
As part of the better management and strengthening of monitoring and evaluation systems, CPC has more focused on the performance of programme performance, ensuring that the Organization's work in the right direction and strengthening the oversight role of Member States in this regard.
We have not seen progress, and we have seen that a peaceful settlement and withdrawal of negotiations will be reversed.
Strengthening the capacity of the Sierra Leone Police
Every word of the plan is based on repeated, careful and comprehensive balance.
This will enable us to regain a predictable, unrestricted commercial environment, which had a serious negative effect on investor confidence.
Turks and Caicos Islands, 13-26 January 2001.
Support was expressed for the proposal under this section.
I would like to take this opportunity to reaffirm the efforts of the people of Côte d'Ivoire and the Government of Côte d'Ivoire to the Secretary-General, as Secretary-General Kofi Annan, to work tirelessly in the peace of Côte d'Ivoire and to make every effort to restore the peace of Côte d'Ivoire and to make every effort to support the Organization and the Organization.
We join all the protocols and protocols of the United Nations to combat terrorism.
The Parliament of Kosovo adopted a law on 13 March.
(g) Conscientiation of conscientious objection 37 - 404
Noting that despite progress, the implementation of the settlement plan remains difficult,
Welcoming General Assembly resolution 56/6 proclaiming the Global Agenda on Dialogue among Civilizations and invites States, organizations and agencies of the United Nations system and other international and regional organizations and civil society to contribute to the implementation of the Programme of Action contained in the resolution,
See chap. ]
Requests the Special Rapporteur to submit an interim report to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session on the overall trends and developments in his mandate, to submit a report to the Commission at its sixtieth session and to include in the addendum the full report of Governments in the official languages of the United Nations;
Requests the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, within existing resources, to cooperate with relevant Governments, intergovernmental organizations, intergovernmental organizations and non-governmental organizations in consultative status with the Economic and Social Council in order to complete the finalization of the Principles and Guidelines on the Right to Compensation of Victims of Serious Violations of Serious Violations of Serious Violations of Serious Violations of Serious Violations and International Humanitarian Law, and to consider the revision of the draft principles and guidelines, taking into account the views of the Chairperson-Rapporteur of the Ad Hoc Consultative Committee, and the preparation of the second consultative point, as well as the preparation of the outcome of the second consultative session, as well as the adoption of the draft principles and guidelines, as well as by the Chairperson-Rapporteur of the Ad Hoc Meeting;
Takes note with satisfaction of the progress achieved in many countries in the world in building democratic societies to better realize the realization of civil rights, political rights, economic empowerment, social rights and cultural rights;
Takes note with interest of the report of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights on human rights and mass exoduses (E/CN.4/2003/84);
Welcomes the commitment of the High Commissioner to request, in accordance with paragraph 5 of Commission resolution 2002/76, the use of extrabudgetary resources to the United Nations Development Programme at the sixty-first session of the Commission, with a view to exploring the practical approaches and activities of the United Nations Development Programme at its sixty-first session, to explore practical approaches and activities at the national level to enhance the good management practices of human rights and to provide information and experience with regard to paragraph 4 of resolution 2001/7;
Reaffirms that peace, security, stability and respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms as enshrined in the Plan of Implementation of the World Summit on Sustainable Development, including the development of the right to development and respect for cultural diversity, are essential for achieving sustainable development and ensuring sustainable development;
Decides to continue its consideration of this question at its sixtieth session under the same agenda item.
Expressing satisfaction with the difficulties faced by the people of Somalia in the northern part of the Somali region, with a view to relative peace and stability and the availability of basic services,
Prevention and abuse of the movement of small arms and light weapons
The law is based on Commission resolutions 2002/28, 2002/30 and 2003, 2003/18, 2003/19, 2003/20, 2003/22, 2003/22, 2003/22, 2003/264, 2003/28, 2003/28, 2003/28, 2003/49.
At its 63rd meeting, on 25 April 2003, the Commission considered the draft report on the work of its fifty-ninth session.
Question of the death penalty (resolution 2003/67)
Human rights defenders (resolution 2003/64) 26
Strengthening of the work of the Committee (decision 2003/101)
We commit ourselves to the possible development of the current marginalization and the integration of landlocked developing countries into the global economy.
The pre-deployment medical costs under the current approach will be retained.
Bearing in mind also the Declaration adopted by the World Food Summit, held at Rome from 10 to 13 June 2002,
Accordingly, the Committee anticipates a significant savings during this period.
Nevertheless, this remains a great opportunity for the international community to set up a comprehensive issue of sustainable sustainability in the Johannesburg World Summit; the International Conference on Financing for Development, held in Monterrey, Mexico, has shown a fresh way forward for financing and international cooperation.
Invites donor countries, international financial institutions and the United Nations system, including the United Nations Environment Programme, to provide financial support and expertise to the implementation of the regional seas programme within its existing resources;
It was also recognized that the programmes implemented at the regional and subregional levels require greater transparency and predictability in financial and technical support,
(h) Drug control, crime prevention and combating international terrorism in all its forms and manifestations;
Reaffirming the call of the World Conference on Human Rights to accede to the international community to make every effort to mitigate the debt burden of developing countries so that the efforts of the Governments of these countries are aimed at providing full realization of the economic, social and cultural rights of those countries,
Recognizing also that the promotion and protection of the full enjoyment of cultural and cultural identity of all people is a key element of the protection of cultural diversity in the process of globalization;
Requests the Special Rapporteur to submit a report to the Commission on its activities under its terms of reference to the General Assembly and to submit a medium-term report to the General Assembly;
Explanations: Department of Economic and Social Affairs: Department of Economic and Social Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat; ECA: Economic Commission for Africa; ECE: ECE; ECLAC; ECLAC; ECLAC; Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean; ESCAP; United Nations Conference on Trade and Development; United Nations Environment Programme; United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime; United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime; United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime; United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime; United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime; United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime; United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime; United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime; United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime; United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime; United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime; United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime; United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime; United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime;
Bulgaria believes that the periodic report on article 6 of the Final Document of the 2000 Final Document, as described in paragraph 12 of the Final Document of 2000, is an important confidence-building measure to enhance transparency in the NPT regime.
On the issue of Palestine refugees, the entire international community is the responsibility of the entire international community, and it was believed that UNRWA should continue to provide services until they are resolved.
Replace: “5.56” to read: “5.50”
The Supreme Court of War held in Libreville from 26 to 28 March 2003 and acquitted six persons, in addition to the maintenance of life imprisonment for a accused of one accused, and to the three months of imprisonment for another accused.
The provisions of the labour legislation are protected by the child.
Requests the Secretary-General to designate the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime as the secretariat of the Conference of the Parties to the Convention and to guide the Conference of the Parties;
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Taking note of the draft articles and understandings adopted by the Ad Hoc Committee,
The Working Group continued to work with the United Nations field offices and offices of OHCHR field offices in the field of human rights mandates to use their unique status in the field and to improve the flow of information related to disappearances.
During the reporting period, the Working Group of the Working Group was unable to send reminders to the outstanding outstanding cases in accordance with its working methods.
It was alleged that the disappearance of the disappeared State is subject to the extensive powers of the security forces of the Security Council, particularly the Act on the Prevention and Separation of Terrorism and the Public Order Act and the Public Security Act, without the lack of preventive detention and prolonged detention, and the lack of many other normal safeguards under the law.
The Bureau intends to discuss the matter in the near future, with a view to seeking the best action programme on the issues raised.
In the light of the following assumptions, the subprogramme is expected to achieve its objectives and expected accomplishments: all members and associate members are able to allocate resources to implement the recommendations to implement the recommendations of the Millennium Declaration, to monitor the objectives contained in the Millennium Declaration, including the objectives contained in the Millennium Declaration; and provide adequate extrabudgetary resources for ESCAP to carry out its operational activities.
(vi) Review of the high-level intergovernmental meeting on the implementation of the Beijing Platform for Action and its regional and regional outcomes:
The law on succession, marriage and donations is also as follows.
Human rights and mass exoduses
Reaffirming that all States have an obligation to promote and protect the human rights and fundamental freedoms of all States, including the right to life, liberty and security, and to reaffirm their obligations under the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, in particular the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights and the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights,2
Reform framework
The Committee notes with appreciation the ratification by the State party in November 2000 of the International Charter of the European Social Charter and the 1995 Protocol of 1995 and the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination in December 2000.
The Committee notes with concern that in the context of the structural reforms in the area of agriculture, the situation in rural areas is particularly serious in this regard.
If the rights of the teachers contained in the International Labour Standards are respected, there will be no genuine partnership partnership with Governments to promote education objectives.
Any action taken by the State party under the jurisdiction of the State party should not allow another State to lose its capacity to achieve the right to water under its jurisdiction.
According to this objective, the Committee adopted general comment No. 12 on the right to adequate food, which is available to you (see annex I), which should be considered as a reference framework for the adoption of the International Code of Conduct for the Right to Adequate food.
Many of these mandates have established human rights and development, including those relating to education, food, housing, health, environmental protection and wider issues, such as the right to development, human rights and extreme poverty and structural adjustment programmes.
In cooperation with the United Nations Children's Fund, human rights activists have been completed to commemorate the fiftieth anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
(d) Symposium on the International Training Division, New York, New York.
Proposal by Colombia (A/AC.261/IPM/14).
Proposal for the third session of the Ad Hoc Committee (A/AC.261/L.117).
(d) To observe impunity and ensure that violations of human rights violations and international humanitarian law are brought to justice;
Ms. Navanan (Armenia) said that children's issues were central to the development goals of the Millennium Declaration.
Invites States, United Nations agencies, agencies and specialized agencies, international organizations and non-governmental organizations to assist developing countries, in particular the least developed countries and the least developed countries, to prevent the spread of the epidemic and to reduce and control the adverse effects of HIV/AIDS on their populations, and to provide care for infected persons;
(b) Strengthen cooperation with Member States and the United Nations programmes, funds and relevant agencies and relevant regional organizations and relevant regional organizations and non-governmental organizations to assist in the implementation of the twentieth special session of the General Assembly;
Cuba expressed dissatisfaction with the lack of progress in the implementation of this article in different forums, and Cuba believes that the primary responsibility of the nuclear-weapon States is to comply with the provisions of the Convention.
Arthur Oakakva, “Pig Norwegian Countries' Industries, UnNew Trade Plan”, the World Bank, the Great Lakes, 14-20 April 2003, p. 23.
In favour:
Like the European Union partners, the United Kingdom voted in favour of draft resolution A/58/L.26/Rev.1, entitled “Peace of Palestine”.
The Committee noted that, during the period from 29 March to 4 April 2004 in Santiago, the International Aeronautics and Social Seminar for Space and Development in Latin America, held in Santiago from 29 March to 4 April 2004, the Office of Chile and the Office for Outer Space Affairs had organized space and social seminars.
The seminar discussed the role of national focal points and national coordinating bodies, cross-border cooperation and information sharing, national legislation and legislative and administrative procedures, export procedures and regulatory procedures, export and import systems, and civil society cooperation.
Article 299 of the Guatemalan Penal Code provides as follows:
A vote was taken by show of hands.
The information received shows that there is a lack of an unacceptable commitment to human rights violations, war crimes, crimes against humanity and the genocide against genocide, which had been widely endorsed.
According to the above-mentioned definitions, the number of women in Spain in 2001 was 155,000, and 68 per cent were women, and nearly 32 per cent were men.
Source: BBV, July 2000.
This indicator takes into account the level of tax deductions, and expressed the view that the percentage of salary income required for the first year was paid.
It is also destroyed that more than 236 hectares of cannabis plantations were destroyed.
Women and different age women, including young and four women's programmes, focused on the establishment of networks and cultures in the context of the United Nations Declaration on Peace and Development of the United Nations and the establishment of networking, sharing of knowledge and composition of the United Nations Declaration on Peace and Development of the United Nations, and to further promote and implement international normative instruments aimed at promoting the human rights of women.
If appropriate, they can only resort to domestic law, with a view to continuing their interests or remedies.
“In essence, it is fundamentally difficult to say that a State is able to take a decision on the part of the territory of its territory in the exercise of its territory.
See ibid., p. 45, paras.
See also the personal opinion of the President of the Barcelona Traction in the Barcelona Traction case (initial objections), 1974, p. 59.
With regard to any offence applicable to this article, the State party should expedite the process of extradition and streamline the evidentiary requirements related to the application of the extradition procedure.
The conclusion and implementation of such agreements or arrangements should be fully respected by the principle of sovereign equality of States and should strictly comply with the provisions of such agreements or arrangements.
Article 85
See the Anti-Corruption Initiative for the Developing Countries (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.98.III.B.18).
The majority of the members of the informal working group established during the fourth session of the Ad Hoc Committee had considered that the definition of “international public organizations” was not included in the definition of the term “international public organization” because of the clear interpretation of the terminology.
During the fifth session of the Ad Hoc Committee, some delegations considered the best use of mandatory wording.
Discussions are also being discussed on the concept of the last part of this paragraph.
No comments were made on this article during the second reading of the second reading of the fourth reading of the Ad Hoc Committee.
At the same time, there is still a need to retain full national policies to achieve development goals.
The Working Group of Experts on International Standards of Accounting and Reporting submitted the report of the Working Group of Experts on its nineteenth session.
“Report of the Division for Investment, Technology and Enterprise Development” (DITC/OD/DOC/01)
Issues relating to investment and development
The variance is attributable mainly to the decrease in official travel and no training training, because the Department of Peacekeeping Operations has reduced the number of technical meetings for the Mission in 2004/07.
Agenda items 28 and 40 (f)
The General Assembly,
As a result of this issue, the Committee has not requested the Committee to decide to decide on whether the expulsion of Sweden in violation of article 3 of the Convention or any other provision under article 3 of the Convention is not to be considered to be taken by the Government of Egypt.
(b) The signing of the ceasefire agreement by the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Government of Uganda and six armed groups in the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Government of Uganda and the six armed groups, as well as the establishment of the Interim Interim Administration in Ituri from 4 to 14 April 2003;
(e) Identify the knowledge management and human resources impact of new pricing procedures as appropriate.
As a result, since Venezuela favoured the adverse effects and delays of illicit diamond trade in many countries, the adverse effects and delays of armed conflicts, and that our country's efforts to achieve peace and security directly affected by their impact, my country is deeply satisfied with the international efforts to achieve peace.
1999-2001 Chairman of the Board of Trustees of the Legal Aid Office of the Legal Aid Office.
The Ministry of National Education and Electoral Monitoring in 1994-1997 was chaired by the Chair.
• Sex Abortion Act, Satherine Press
One of the objectives of the Government is to maintain and develop land and water resources in the territories and improve agricultural productivity.
In the second year, an end to the anti-drug campaign was announced.
“In 2004-2005 objectives: The use of the system of the system to meet the needs of all personnel and the level of rapid deployment and a standby list
With regard to multilateral treaties, the European Treaty on Extradition ( 19577) and the European Convention on Mutual Mutual Assistance in Europe (1995) were signed on 29 September 2000.
The means of sanctions will be described as a means of a certain approach between language and war.
The exchange of views between Governments, the United Nations Secretariat, academia, non-governmental organizations and civil society representatives, and the exchange of progress, obstacles and challenges to the development and adoption of targeted sanctions, will be undertaken in a frank and deeper dialogue with the international financial sanctions, and the contribution of the Bonn-Berlin process of the Bonn-Berire process on the arms embargo and the negotiation of the travel ban.
In our commemoration of the tenth anniversary of the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action, my delegation is pleased to note that the Programme of Action has made considerable progress in some respects.
Mr. Kareyen (Cuba) (spoke in Spanish): Five years ago, the two thirds of the world's two thirds of the population remain outside colonial, while the General Assembly adopted the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, which has been adopted by the General Assembly and the foundation of the development and codification of human rights.
In the broader context of the Durban Programme of Action, paragraphs 157 to 159 of the Durban Programme of Action did not refer to the experience of some individuals and those who suffer from racist persecution and the development of their own development, and to mention the development of community development, as well as the persistence of the community's development, as well as to the fact that they have not been able to pursue some of the developments that have been made by the community, and the need for the international community to celebrate the past anniversary, as well as the need for the international community to be able to see the past anniversary of its history.
(Signed) A.
In 2003, the Working Group held its thirty-sixth, thirty-seventh and thirty-eighth sessions.
On 23 October 2003, the Government of the Government informed that Mr. Mazah Kahraud had been released on 4 September 2003.
It was also established that the Court of Human Rights be responsible for the trial of serious violations of human rights, genocide crimes and crimes against humanity.
We also welcome the appointment by Mr. Tuvalu, the African Union Commission, for his Special Envoy in the Great Lakes region.
Therefore, the international community actively supports the preparatory process and the Conference itself.
The Security Council has recently reaffirmed the need to mainstream women into all peace and development processes.
We want many initiatives.
The Refugee Commissioner reiterated its emphasis on the relationship between asylum-seekers and migration and reaffirmed that UNHCR should continue to strengthen its cooperation with international migration organizations and briefly recalled the importance of such complementary complementarity and that UNHCR should continue to strengthen its cooperation with NGOs.
In November 2001, Mr. Denktash wrote to Mr. Klein, with a direct mission.
In addition, after the introduction of Mr. Klein's presentation, it would be useful to propose the following approaches: not only to ensure that the Treaty remains valid but also in the form of appropriate details of the treaty, and that the new patterns established by the Federal Republic of Cyprus and the constitutional order established in the Constitution, which would also be applied to the territorial integrity, territorial integrity, security and constitutional order of the Federal Republic of Cyprus, as well as the territorial integrity, security and constitutional order of the Federal Republic of Cyprus.
She expressed concern about the impact of globalization on the impact of globalization and hoped that the issue in Canada's development assistance would be considered and hoped that Canada would support the study in that area.
Convention on Long-Tibgeb.
Addendum
(c) In the light of the chemical burning of chemical explosives, at least 20 metres and/or in the vicinity of the site, there shall be no fire fire on the closed space scene described in section 3.5 of the manual;
Effective capacity-building mechanisms are part of flexible programming programmes, as part of the approach to inter-agency measures aimed at achieving mutually mutually reinforcing objectives.
The Government of Saudi Arabia condemns the serious escalation of Israel's actions, which could lead to a reversal of the situation in the region and the complete collapse of the peace process.
The Ambassador-General of the Ambassador of Iraq requested further clarification and I give the floor.
Following the debate held in March 2000 and October 2002, the Parliament formally established the State of Georgia and Abkhazia in Georgia, and accordingly amended the corresponding amendments.
Resolution 2003/1 reaffirmed the responsibility of the United Nations to the people of Western Sahara and reiterated its support for the efforts of the people of Western Sahara to self-determination in accordance with resolutions 658 (1990) and 690 (1991).
The draft resolution was introduced by the representative of Sri Lanka at the 12th meeting, on 21 October 2003.
Urges Governments to cooperate fully with the Special Rapporteur and to visit the Special Rapporteur's visit to their national requests in order to enable him to carry out more effectively their duties in this regard, in this regard, welcomes the initiatives of Governments and the work of the Special Rapporteur;
Strengthening the resident coordinator system, the United Nations country team and other thematic groups, steadily moving into the programming cycle and streamlining and coordinate processes, in many countries, in a number of countries, in a number of countries, in a number of developing countries, the United Nations Development Group (UNDG) and the United Nations Development Group (UNDG), the United Nations Development Group (UNDG), the United Nations Development Group (UNDG) and the United Nations Development Group (UNDG) and the United Nations Development Group (UNDG) and the United Nations Development Group (UNDG).
Voluntary contributions are provided separately in accordance with the specific operational, mandate and nature of individual organizations.
• The percentage of central government expenditures based on category and purpose, as well as the percentage of all expenditures of the Central Government
In addition, advocacy is being made to the wider reading of the principles of the Universal Principles, such as the publication of the Principles of the Principles in Indonesia, in collaboration with international agencies and non-governmental organizations in Indonesia.
12 noon Press briefing by the Spokesperson
They indicate how the actions taken at the national and international levels to prevent natural disasters can help to mitigate the adverse effects of such disasters.
Japan expects the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and other agencies to further improve ways, such as the need for a more effective solution to the crisis in the consolidated appeals process.
With regard to the protection of people living in living areas and in this regard, there is a degree of uncertainty.
(c) The Economic and Social Council would make such requests.
However, as a result of the intense controversy in Burundi's society, the release of five days was released.
They are the victims of a large number of violent incidents committed by the formal security forces and armed rebel groups.
This is a new phenomenon, which shows that the people of the justice system will have been able to face the fear of their people.
(a) To prepare a compilation of the identification of a customer's ability to carry out a laboratory analysis, poisontics, physiology and biological psychological examinations and to provide advice for natural and/or laboratory in their territory;
congratulated the United Nations Press Journalists Association for the establishment of the Dag Hammarskjöld Library Trust Fund, the Fund sponsored the activities of the United Nations Headquarters to the United Nations Headquarters to cover the activities of the General Assembly during the United Nations Headquarters, and urges donors to provide financial support to the Fund so as to increase the number of scholarships provided to such journalists;
In September 2003, UNFPA chaired a group of 30 participants from 24 countries to participate together with youth partners to identify and formally submit global advocacy initiatives — global youth partners to prevent HIV infection among young people.
In the context of the financial base of the Strategic Plan, she commended the initiative of Denmark to develop the proposed guidance for the resource mobilization of resources (see UNEP/CHW/OEWG/2/INF/15).
At its 3rd plenary meeting, on Tuesday, 21 October, the Working Group discussed the item.
She reminded the Working Group that since the item was a technical matter, the Working Group would need to consider its consideration at the current session without a final decision.
At the 7th plenary meeting of the Working Group, the Executive Secretary announced that it had been brought to the attention of the Secretariat to the English language of English, French and Spanish, in the English, French and Spanish language, to the attention of the Secretariat, as well as the text of the United Nations formal text of the decision.
Further information is available on the web site: p.stff@unep.unep.org (at the “notice-pice”).
In its consideration, the Committee agreed that the following criteria should be adopted for serious responsibility and good management:
The representative of Madagascar also thanked the organizers of the training courses.
Adoption of the report of the Meeting (item 211)
No documents were made under sub-item 16 (c).
Consultants
Côte d'Ivoire
Yugoslavia
The rules of procedure may be amended by the Conference.
The experts briefed the Committee on Protection and Human Rights.
This model also confirms that the Department of Public Information, the Office of the Secretariat, the Office of the United Nations system and the organizations of the United Nations system, are working closely with the media media, Member States and civil society partners to coordinate, improve, disseminate and disseminate.
Table 28.14 Resource requirements: United Nations Office at Vienna
** Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-seventh Session, Supplement No. 6 (A/57/6/Rev.1).
The seminar was held in Dakar from 7 to 8 February 2002 to discuss money-laundering activities in the West African Economic and Monetary Union in the context of money-laundering and the prevention of terrorism.
See Official Records of the Economic and Social Council, 1998, Supplement No. 3 (E/1998/23), chap. II, sect.
Recalling its resolution 1514 (XV) of 14 December 1960, containing the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples and the relevant resolutions and decisions of the United Nations relating to the dissemination of information on decolonization, in particular resolution 56/73 of 10 December 2001,
Considers that efforts must be made to ensure the widest possible dissemination of public information on decolonization, and to give special attention to the right to self-determination of the peoples of the Non-Self-Governing Territories;
Ms. Eena (Benin) noted that the Special Rapporteur had used the words “two main gender” in the first instalment of the first instalment, and she asked whether there was no third gender, or the Special Rapporteur did not only refer to the sexual orientation of individual individuals.
As a result, if a member of the State has submitted the requirements of the language or language of the language in other languages, the Panel would require the relevant costs.
WFP provided basic English knowledge to be necessary in all circumstances, while UNFPA provided a real requirement for all professionals.
The Department of Public Information, in the field of information centres and services services in the United Nations system, is in the form of printed books in various local languages.
Abstaining: Arabic; Chinese; English; English; French; German; E; India; India; Germany; Russian; Russian; Russian Federation; Russian Federation; Russian Federation; Russian Federation; Russian Federation; Russian Federation; Russian Federation; Russian Federation; Russian Federation; Russian Federation; Russian Federation; Russian Federation; Russian Federation; Russian Federation; Russian Federation; Russian Federation; Russian Federation; Russian Federation; Russian Federation; Russian Federation; Russian Federation; Russian Federation; Russian Federation; Russian Federation; Russian Federation; Russian Federation; Russian Federation; Russian Federation; Russian Federation; Russian Federation; Russian Federation; Russian Federation; Russian Federation; Russian Federation; Russian Federation; Russian Federation; Russian Federation; Russian Federation; Russian Federation; Russian Federation; Russian Federation; Russian Federation; Russian Federation; Russian Federation; Russian Federation; Russian Federation; Russian Federation; Russian Federation; Russian Federation; Russian Federation; Russian Federation; Russian Federation; Russian Federation; Russian Federation; Russian Federation; Russian Federation; Russian Federation; Russian Federation; Russian Federation; Russian Federation; Russian Federation; Russian Federation; Russian Federation; Russian Federation; Russian Federation; Russian Federation; Russian Federation; Russian Federation; Russian Federation; Russian Federation; Russian Federation; Russian Federation; Russian Federation; Russian Federation; Russian
Economic and Social Council
c Includes salaries, travel and daily subsistence allowance for conference services, travel and telecommunications costs.
(b) Approval of the proposed medium-term plan for the period 2003-2006 (see document E/ICEF/2003/AB/L.74), including the preparation of regular resources programmes for the preparation of the regular resources programme for the biennium 2000-2001 and the report of the Executive Board in 2004.
10.10 Provision of extrabudgetary resources to finance the network of field offices in the field of technical cooperation will contribute significantly to the dialogue with national intergovernmental organizations to promote their normative responsibilities.
It further recommends that the State party strengthen effective measures to coordinate the family and professional responsibilities and to promote the common sharing of family responsibility among women and men.
The Committee is concerned about the access of the labour market to access to the labour market and the limited restrictions on the work of the agricultural sector and the informal sector, and their income and wages are low.
She indicated that significant action had been taken to combat the proliferation of the pandemic, including the publication and promulgation of the 2002 HIV and AIDS Prevention Act, and the development of a comprehensive research and control programme for the HIV/AIDS programme in the country with stakeholders, providing a burden of antiretroviral drugs.
Principal areas of concern and recommendations
The Committee expresses its appreciation to the Government of the Federal Government to eliminate the phenomenon of discrimination against indigenous women, which is the subject of equal equality for women, including the upcoming revision of the Canadian Human Rights Act, but also gravely concerned that indigenous women still face systematic discrimination in all aspects of life.
However, progress has been made to identify the progress made in preventing women's abuse and violence.
The Committee urges the State party to ensure that all forms of violence against women and girls provide comprehensive advocacy and training to law enforcement officials, justice and public justice.
The Committee expresses concern about the incidence of violence against women, including domestic violence.
The Committee also urges the State party to collect and analyse comprehensive data disaggregated by sex and age and to include such data in the next report.
The family responsibility has been recognized as an integral part of a more comprehensive approach to social development.
Legislative legislation on arms and military materiel, as amended, was issued as amended by the Act No. 179/1998 of the Act on military goods.
These general awards are contained in annex I to the present report, entitled “General outline” (see outlined in the report), which should be read in conjunction with the present report.
With respect to the invoice of articles 274 to 275 and 282 to 2933, Michelmann provided invoices and the shipment of invoices, but not provided in the certificate.
In 1986, SAC stated that the net depreciation rate for equipment and equipment is 285 per cent of the purchase value.
(b) The National Budget Project of the SCOP, the retention of the retention monies (the “No. 5”).
The claim refers to the alleged costs of the alleged amount of compensation by the Iraqi withdrawal of the seller's employees and their families, including travel and communications.
Accordingly, the Panel considered the amount of contract losses, overhead losses, loss of tangible property, the loss of funds, other losses and interest, the total amount of USD 38,233,073.
If the claim has failed to provide any specific items or no reference to the claim, the Panel requested the claimant to request the claimant to provide the necessary information in accordance with article 15 of the Rules (“article 15 notification”).
As a result, a security arrangement for the purpose of obtaining a bond is required for the purpose of preparing a certificate.
At the same time, Cambodia will do its utmost to ensure that poverty alleviation efforts remain the primary priority.
Mr. Pijj (Pakistan) said that his country had made progress in the implementation of the Brussels Programme of Action through the adoption of seven commitments to effectively integrate national development strategies.
The high-level segment of the substantive session of the substantive session of the substantive session provides valuable guidance for many developing countries in the integrated approach to rural development, and the activities of the operational activities provide a detailed discussion of the opportunities to improve the financing of development operations.
(See http://www.itel.edu/CM/cs/global/global/index.htm).
Convinced that the use of mercenaries or mercenary activities in any way, regardless of their way, is a threat to peace, security and the self-determination of the peoples of the country, as a threat to peace, security and the self-determination of the peoples of the country, and to constitute an obstacle to the enjoyment of human rights,
The Chairman announced that Albania, Bulgaria, Ecuador, Honduras, Mauritius and the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia have joined the sponsors.
Contents
The effective period of order is on 31 December 2005 and could be extended.
We will continue to work on the recommendations made in the report of the Human Rights Council.
Finally, the response to human rights violations and the response to those responsible for these acts is to participate in the work of the Commission and to the control of the Committee, rather than to the Committee.
We are confident that the appointment of the Secretary-General's Special Representative in Iraq would help to do so.
Let us address specific issues in the cluster cluster.
Otherwise, the outcome of the elections is likely to only be used only through the adoption of a ballot box, which would be based on the privatization of the existing authority.
UNIFEM has increased significantly in the area during the previous period, the 2003 strategy and business plan.
The strategic results framework contained below will provide guidance for UNIFEM programmes, partnerships, monitoring and reporting.
While the support of the United Kingdom and UNAMSIL has been focused on strengthening the security capacity of the Government of Sierra Leone to prevent the insurgency of RUF, it is still difficult to address the concerns of the Government of Sierra Leone to preserve the territorial integrity.
The Panel recommends that the United Nations Mission in Liberia support the implementation of this prohibition in Liberia, in the light of the relatively difficult difficulties of ECOWAS in Liberia on the issue of trade in small arms in West Africa.
In the meantime, he was granted temporary entry to Côte d'Ivoire to three days, and he would be stored in the airport of the airport.
Member States, financial institutions and development institutions should support the implementation of projects and norms in crime prevention and criminal justice.
The draft resolution clearly could be improved in this area, but it is indeed in the process of fulfilling that all acts of terrorism are required.
Ms. Idadi (Morocco) said that, despite the recognition of the right to work in the Constitution of Morocco, the right to work was difficult in terms of economic level and lack of practical social democracy.
At the end of the lifetime of life, the estimate of the quality of hexachlorobenzene is inaccurate: the rate of success was to be reduced from 90 per cent to 99 per cent, which meant that more errors were recorded and that a life expectancy would be adjusted.
All parties must apply these measures.
The overall trend of the geostationary orbit on the geostationary orbit is that satellite operators will move into the region of the geostationary orbit through the end-of-service end of the geostationary orbit.
Chapter ___
In UNCTAD, work will be developed through enhanced cooperation between the two divisions, with a holistic, multidisciplinary technical cooperation and capacity development programme in UNCTAD's expertise.
The World Tourism Organization may establish any regional office or sub-office, with close cooperation with the Office of the United Nations and the Office of the Office of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights and the Office of the Resident Coordinator.
In the light of the foregoing, it is estimated that a total of $75,578,000 for the biennium 2004-2005 is estimated at $77,578,000 and the general insurance of the United Nations premises in the biennium 2000-2001 is $1,808,000.
The result of the results, the number of user-prone users of the Official Document System will increase.
All three sessions were held at the United Nations Office at Geneva.
With regard to this provision, article 4, paragraph 1, of the Covenant requires States parties to report on measures taken and the progress made in the enjoyment of their rights and to report on any factors and difficulties that may affect the implementation of the Convention.
Unfortunately, the delays in delays have been very serious since the Committee's inception.
A national policy on the implementation of this policy should be clearly clarified in the directives of the military commanders of the region, while the allegations of excessive use of force should be investigated by a independent body.
c The Committee's seventy-sixth session will consider the situation of civil and political rights in Suriname without reports and delegations.
During the reporting period, the United Nations Disaster Response Assessment Coordination (UNDR) system facilitated the coordination of humanitarian relief in several areas.
See Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-seventh Session, Supplement No. 20 (A/57/20), para.
The least developed countries have adopted policies to provide a community-centred development path to ensure that the necessary environment is created in the country and to eradicate poverty.
Madagascar has created a network of food oil, construction, fruit and vegetables.
According to the issues mentioned in Agenda 21, there is an important commitment to the provision of safe water, appropriate environmental sanitation and clean, modern energy services.
We encourage both countries to complete their common border demarcation.
It was particularly concerned about the current conflict in Colombia, which affected the conflict and indigenous communities in the conflict, and participants called for the commitment of the international and national organizations to address the problem.
In order to assist the Working Group to clarify policy options, a independent study was conducted and presented in the ninth session of the Working Group (see E/CN.4/Sub.2/AC.5/2003/WP.1).
I would also like to extend my delegation's appreciation to your predecessor, Uganda, Ambassador Yula Yakakakkaka, for his excellent work as well as the excellent guidance made by our work in our work.
An important element of the proposed reform is to reduce our statements and to distribute a long-term version of the State statement.
Mr. Veni (Mali) (spoke in French): Let me join previous representatives in expressing my delegation's appreciation for your election as Chairman of the First Committee, disarmament and international Security Council.
Stressing the interim nature of UNIFIL,
Also requests the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights to submit a analytical report to the next session of the Working Group on the Effective implementation of the Durban Declaration and Programme of Action at the next session of the Working Group on the Effective implementation of the Convention against Racism, Racial Discrimination, Xenophobia and Related Intolerance and the relevant international standards and instruments of the existing fight against racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance, and to identify the possible international standards to assist the Working Group in completing the mandate of the International Standards;
Each State Party shall consider, in accordance with the fundamental principles of the national legal system, the establishment of a procedure for the purpose of establishing a procedure by the court or any other appropriate means, in accordance with the decision of the Court or any appropriate means, in accordance with the provisions of the law, which shall be determined by the following functions:
If such agreements or arrangements exist, such joint investigations may be agreed on a case basis.
The position of the nuclear-weapon States has not changed.
The SBSTA, at its seventeenth session, requested the secretariat to submit a intersessional consultation with the secretariat of the Global Climate Observing System (IPCC) secretariat on the Global Climate Observing System, immediately following the end of its eighteenth session.
Bearing in mind its relevant resolutions,
Bearing in mind the relevant recommendations adopted by the World Conference against Racism, Racial Discrimination, Xenophobia and Related Intolerance,
Subsequently, Bangladesh, Haiti, Myanmar and the United States of America joined in sponsoring the draft resolution.
At the same meeting, the representative of Benin made a statement (see A/C.3/58/SR.56).
In India, the emancipation and promotion of fundamental rights and people remains a sacred responsibility.
It needs to be done by the parties and the international community to help it grow.
First, although there has been a strong normative framework on landmines, the instruments dealing with unexploded ordnance and explosive remnants of war will greatly contribute to post-conflict efforts.
Overall, military peacekeeping forces have not carried out a large-scale survey, marking or mine clearance operations.
In the framework of the Convention on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Certain Conventional Weapons Which May Be Deemed to Be Excessively Injurious or to Have Indiscriminate Effects, we will continue to support the international instruments binding for the use of unexploded ordnance and landmines outside anti-personnel mines.
The unexploded ordnance remains a serious humanitarian threat.
Mr. Sattar (Secretary of the Committee): The Committee will now take a decision on draft resolution A/C.5/60/L.46/Rev.1, entitled “Promotion of the implementation of the United Nations Programme of Action for the Illicit Trade in Small Arms and Light Weapons in All Its Aspects” (A/C.9/L.46/Rev.1, entitled “Implementation of the United Nations Conference on the Illicit Trade in Small Arms and Light Weapons in All Its Aspects”.
South Africa's policy-based policy based on small arms is the importance of a regional approach to the proliferation of small arms and light weapons and the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction.
In operative paragraph 4, we also have a significant change.
“9. Calls upon the United Nations system to further coordinate its collective efforts in human resources development through national policies and priorities;
The agreement has been signed with major national information campaigns on urban poor partners, with support to non-governmental organizations, the participation of all levels of government, as well as with sub-roots organizations, such as national professional associations, non-governmental organizations, national governments, such agreements in Burkina Faso, Jamaica, Philippines and Senegal.
Subsequently, the Bureau of the Council, at its meeting on 31 October 2001, established the provisions of paragraph 7 of the annex to the Governing Council, which was established as the Permanent Committee of the Permanent Representatives of the Council of the Whole to take effect immediately.
We will come back to our peoples, our peoples and future generations.
The plan was approved by the National Economic Summit and Parliament.
Africa is waiting to meet.
States parties to the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights
Negative security assurances is the non-nuclear-weapon States to guarantee the use or threat of use of nuclear weapons.
Most of the courts cannot operate, most of which are damaged or looted.
Training is also provided for the provision of integrated logistical concepts.
I would like to commend all those leaders for their invaluable contribution to the cause of peace and security in Liberia.
The voters who have no permanent residence certificate have not been registered on the date of the election shall have the right to vote in the administrative jurisdiction of the local government in the territory of the last day.
Similarly, women are studying special education courses and are not subject to gender restrictions, such as gender restrictions, and special education courses, as well as the provision of special needs for students to develop the educational skills of ordinary and professional skills, as well as the education of professional nature.
The current social security model is based on the fact that social taxation is a prerequisite for the benefit of the majority of social security.
In accordance with the “Social Security” Act, there is no person living in the Republic of Latvia in the past 12 months, but there are no less than 60 months of age of the total of 60 months of age, and the nationality of the citizens of Latvia, non-citizens, foreigners and stateless persons, and the right to a temporary residence allowance is entitled to the State's social insurance allowance.
At present, Latvia's share of the family allowance for children born by 1 January 1999 is the first case of the first age of 2525 in Latvia, the second average of 25 per cent in Latvia, or more than 1.2 per cent, at the third level, or more than 1.6 per cent, or more than 1.6 per cent, or more than 1.8 per cent in the case of the age of the child.
Disarmament continues to be key to the peace process in the Bougainville Peace Agreement.
Japan also supported the United Nations mission mission that had been sent to the last year.
The effective conditions applicable to the general legal act, which relate to the legitimate nature of the law of the law of treaties, is entirely applicable to the recognition of the recognition of the behaviour of the law, particularly recognizing the behaviour of States.
In particular, the question is whether a State may have a unilateral modification, suspension or withdrawal.
Parties referred to the various gaps and difficulties related to the assessment and possible implementation of greenhouse gas mitigation.
Requests the Secretary-General to encourage the organizations of the United Nations system to improve their procurement measures in accordance with their respective mandates, in particular to streamline the registration procedures of registered vendors within the United Nations system, inter alia, through the use of Internet and the publication of their procurement information on their respective websites;
I will then turn back to this issue.
My delegation would therefore like to reiterate once again once again the urgent appeal of the State to maximize its positive impact.
The peace process in the Democratic Republic of the Congo will be completed if the democratic transition process in the Great Lakes region is in place.
However, any situation will not prevent this new Great Lakes Economic Community to expand the interests of the countries of the Great Lakes region in the interests of Uganda and Tanzania.
We note that progress has been made in addressing the draft resolution on this concern.
In focusing on health and sustainable development, the plan called for developing countries to provide affordable energy for rural communities, particularly in the light of the need to reduce the use of seeds and heating from traditional sources of fuel, as such practices affect the health of women and children.
Governments and other stakeholders to ensure that local and administrative reform processes improve the rights of rural women in access to resources, particularly land, heritage and financial services and benefits.
A number of Member States submitted additional information.
The Ministerial Declaration of the high-level segment of the high-level segment addressed the important role of rural women in policy and decision-making.
Reaffirms the international cooperation and national action of terrorism in accordance with the principles of the Charter, international law and relevant international conventions;
Under the auspices of Germany, this debate was further conducted in the Bonn-Berlin process, focusing on the design and implementation of the arms embargo and the design and implementation of sanctions and air related sanctions.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
UNPOS expects that this visit would be an opportunity to fulfil all outstanding obligations, thereby fully implementing the actions of the self-governing arrangements to take full care.
Mr. Hampson (Australia): Thank you, Mr. President, for convening this open meeting on the issue of the importance of this issue, as well as in my colleague to Australia, as well as my Fiji colleagues.
We hope that the international community and the United Nations system will be able to provide assistance to those efforts.
In many years, the devastating consequences of the devastating effects of small arms by small arms in Timor-Leste are the result of the destruction of social harm in the Solomon Islands of the Solomon Islands in Papua New Guinea.
New Zealand's support to the transition team is complementary to the continuing commitment of the people of Bougainville to provide other assistance to the Bougainville people, which is provided through the New Zealand International Development Agency.
However, more efforts should be made.
“All people!
The United Nations is playing a role in the international system of a sovereign State.
At the same time, we have increased a number of informal, linguistic and distance education programmes.
Committee on the Exercise of the Inalienable Rights of the Palestinian People
Requests the Secretary-General to address a question in the updating of the workload standards, as well as to the extent that the number of documents in the pre-qualification documents should be taken into account in order to ensure the quality of translation of the translation documents in all official languages;
He responded to a number of specific issues, which were subject to the issue of the movement of natural persons through the request for the work of the services negotiations and the ratification process.
Procedural, institutional, organizational, administrative and related matters
Israel has repeatedly called upon the United Nations and the international community to call for the cessation of violations of acts of aggression and aggression, ignoring the risks and consequences of this operation in Lebanon, and that these actions continue to be carried out in many cases of Lebanese territory, intimidation and suffering Lebanese civilians, and causing material damage.
Palau
His Excellency Sir
In this regard, the rules governing the international trading system should take into account the negative effects of the policy on poverty and land degradation.
The Mission is working with the United Nations country team to develop a new United Nations Development Assistance Framework (UNDAF) and to strengthen monitoring and reporting capacities in the future implementation of the peace agreements.
The terrorist groups are closely linked to the transnational crime network, and the authorities of the Algerian authorities must redouble their efforts to implement strict controls in the financial institutions to combat categories of fraud and criminal operations.
In accordance with the relevant provisions of Security Council resolutions 1267 (1999), 1333 (2000), 1373 (2001), 1373 (2001) and 1390 (2002), other groups associated with the activities of Algeria, and other groups associated with Al-Qaida, should also be included in this list.
It was pleased that the recommendations made in this regard, particularly in relation to the establishment of aid funds and the development of monitoring mechanisms, have been adopted by others.
Action on draft resolutions A/C.2/58/L.25 and A/C.2/58/L.67
Annex to the letter dated 22 May 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Greece to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
The tourism organization held a subregional conference in March and April 2002 to organize a subregional conference on exchange of experiences, consideration of issues, promoting national, regional and international cooperation and identifying future challenges.
The main objectives of the Conference were attended by nearly 1,000 people, and the main objective of the Conference is to make the main objective of the Conference's regional preparatory meetings, particularly those who did not participate in the regional preparatory meeting, can facilitate exchange of experiences and ideas.
No.
Recommends the following decision to the Economic and Social Council for adoption:
Adoption of the agenda and organization of work
Statements under different sub-items may reflect the relevance and cross-cutting nature of various issues.
The Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, in its effective and strategic mobilization, has mobilized the available resources of the country to develop the foundation for more stable development.
As a result of the establishment of the strategic resource reserve base for the rapid deployment of new missions, progress has been made in this area.
The following information:
The general view was that the application of legal issues is essential for insolvency proceedings and that the draft Guide should contain information on these issues and provide guidance and guidance to legislators and other users.
Withdrawal of candidatures
However, his delegation was of the view that the decision on reservations or deletion of the footnote should be made into account in chapter V.
The following is the draft strategy for the implementation of the commitments formulated in the Secretary-General's history, to be made available to delegations.
Member States should be encouraged to make contributions.
Yemen
Belize
At the opening of the President of the Conference, the President of the Conference expressed his appreciation to the State of Algeria for his kind of confidence and for his predecessor's predecessor, Mr. R. R. and his officers.
The Conference of the Parties will now consider the performance of these Parties in the review and reduction of emissions.
(Agenda item 4)
Taking into account the political guidance of the Millennium Summit, the Monterrey Consensus and the World Summit on Sustainable Development, the key role of the Economic and Social Council in the integrated and coordinated implementation of and follow-up follow-up to the outcomes of the United Nations conferences and summits is a broad consensus.
These events are effective to the eradication of poverty and to promote development and ensure peace, security and justice.
“Reaffirming the United Nations Declaration on the New Partnership for Africa's Development of 30 September 2002 and the resolution 57/7 of 4 November 2002 on the final review and appraisal of the United Nations New Agenda for the Development of Africa in the 1990s and support for NEPAD,
“10. Expresses its appreciation to the efforts undertaken at the regional level to address the activities of the United Nations system in addressing the thematic arrangements of the Partnership's various priorities, in this regard, in this regard, in this regard, to strengthen the efforts of the United Nations system to support the coordination of partnerships;
As a result of this amount, the rate of exchange of exchange between the United States of America in the period of August 1990 was shown in the present table as a result of the amount of the amount of the amount of the amount of the amount of the amount of the amount of the amount of the amount of the amount indicated in the present table.
Facts and contentions
In particular, the amount of USD 707,77,6,6,804,6,77,7,7,79,79,79,79,79,79,79 and 12,344 respectively respectively.
In addition, if the claim relates to tangible property losses, the Panel was selected on 2 August 1990 (Iraq Iraq's invasion of Kuwait), since the date is the date of loss of the assets of the claimant.
In addition, KNPC also requested the costs of payment of payments paid to third parties prior to the termination of the contract of ABB for the termination of the contract.
(6) The provisions of paragraph 2 of the present draft articles are included in the provisions of the draft articles, which have not been addressed in the provisions of the draft articles.
(c) Special Rapporteur's concluding remarks
(c) In order to develop this model, taking into account the number of work of the Committee earlier on the topic, the Special Rapporteur recommends that the Committee may take into account the following matters:
(ii) The loss of the environment and the environment and the loss of profits and tourism (see para. 174 (c), subparagraph (c), (c) and (iv),
Therefore, the report will focus on results or results, avoiding the attitude of the negotiation process or the attitude taken by States in the negotiation process or the conclusion.
It was pointed out that the effectiveness of the effectiveness would vary depending on specific recognition.
Working methods
The definition of objections should therefore reflect the genuine intentions of the objecting States, rather than to the effect of the State's legal effect under the Vienna Convention.
Unless otherwise specified in the treaty or another agreement, the withdrawal of a reservation shall begin in the case of the State or organization of the country if a State or a contracting organization receives a notice of withdrawal.
In paragraph 505 of the 2002 report, it was noted that the Group agreed that the Committee should not address the issue of the creation and its relationship of international justice.
For the commentary to this draft guideline, see ibid., pp. 260-266.
For the views of this doctrine, see H.H. H. Imberon, the International Treaty on Multilateral Cooperation, Paris Pennis Press, 1979, p. 288, or Frank H.int.
The Committee considered the sixth report at its 27700, 27717, 27737, 2773 and 2774th meetings, from 7 to 11 July 2003.
In addition, the number of unilateral acts of unilateral acts, suspension, lifting of the problem, whether States would be able to modify, suspend or eliminate unilateral acts, as they do so.
Approximately 99 persons have been detained in the world, and the oldest prisoners of war in the world are in detention.
However, some relevant officials appear to be intended to resume these services and explore the possibility of restoring common services in the recruitment and health care (paras.
The United Nations also has extensive experience on premises and facilities and conference-servicing services, which can be used in the International Centre of Public Information.
A/C.5/388 of 7 December 1983
However, the United Nations can become more creative, forward-looking and more important, in collaboration with civil society organizations, to conflict prevention and build sustainable peace.
Welcoming the representative of Pitcairn's representative of Pitcairn, in the Caribbean Regional Seminar, held in Kuala Lumpur, Anguilla, from 20 to 22 May 2003, noting the concern of the case in the courts of the Territory,
To this end, under Chapter VII of the Charter of the United Nations,
In the case, the name of the Songongyang Act is suitable to the situation of soil, which will benefit from the largest region.
Please provide a list of assets frozen in accordance with the resolution.
Since 1997, the Seaa Service has also contributed to the global and marine plants of rich land and marine plants, thereby in the context of a key element of the Earth's atmosphere of the Earth's atmosphere, as a key element of a key parameter in the area of life for the five years.
(e) To coordinate all space activities at the highest level at the highest level to provide scientists to provide data on the areas of research and applications in many research and applications;
However, increasing numbers of people increasingly break silence and more active action against this obstacle to the policy of the relationship between both individuals and the Cuban.
There is a need to develop a general law on common law, which could be considered as a serious crime within this framework.
The ability of developing countries to effectively combat terrorism is one of the priorities of the United States partnership in recent years.
See responses to subparagraph 3 (a) and 2 (f) (f).
Of the 19 financial assistants, eight units are deployed to four districts (one one of the three components of each region) and one United Nations Volunteers.
Other sub-regional missions will consist of 1 Field Service and 1 United Nations Volunteers, two domestic staff.
Questions relating to other items allocated to the Third Committee of the General Assembly
Item 12 Elimination of racism and racial discrimination
Documentation
Report of the Secretary-General on the situation of human rights in Myanmar (A/C.3/58/L.68/Rev.1, para.
Report of the Human Rights Committee (resolution 2200 A (XXI))
It is important that young people are bound by legally binding agreements: the young couple of young couples who are young children who are young children.
Women are often reluctant to report on rape, especially in cases of rape and victim-related awareness.
Article III 48 - 1,500100
The social status of cultural models and women's social status has resulted in the fact that the low labour market needs is also causing such a situation.
At the same time, rural households are lower (e.g. low income per cent) and indicate that the rural family may have a cost of 800 dinars.
The International Labour Organization (ILO) Convention No. 135 of the Convention on the Rights of the Workers, which is provided in the Convention on the Rights of the Workers, should be treated as the same way to the staff members of the staff, to protect trade union representatives and workers's benefits, because they are responsible for the personal and collective interests of the staff concerned.
1980-2001 The prevalence of infectious diseases (excluding prevalence and AIDS)
World Health Organization and the Environment, Alternative Learning Centre and International Disability Association, Belgrade, 2001.
Also expresses concern at the delay experienced by the Secretary-General in deploying and providing adequate resources to some recent peacekeeping missions, in particular those in Africa;
I invite him to take a seat at the Council table and to make his statement.
Other programmes require bilateral assistance.
Nevertheless, we have not lost a just and comprehensive peace in the region, based on the situation of the situation and the policy of Israel, as well as a just and comprehensive peace between the Palestinian and Israeli States.
1.2 The provisions of the Act shall punish the financing or funding of terrorist acts and to adapt domestic legislation to the implementation of the International Convention for the Suppression of the Financing of Terrorism.
Law enforcement and enforcement of specific institutions of States, namely the restrictions on the general nature of the general prohibition referred to in article 2 of the Chilean Armed Forces and the Armed Police (JSS).
Mr. Dongen (United States of America): The United States would like to explain its position very briefly.
The Committee adopted, without a vote, the draft resolution entitled “The Khmer Rouge” draft resolution.
Japan will continue to cooperate with the Secretariat and the Government of Cambodia in order to establish a special chamber.
However, there is no reason for a State to refrain from the reciprocity of the wrongful act of an international organization.
No.
Therefore, the judges of El Salvador, at the level of high levels, were submitted to their cases at the highest level.
In March 2002, the Government of Gibraltar refused to accept the arrangements between Spain and the United Kingdom, as called “illegal, politically acceptable” and that it will be applied to the European Union to discuss the law of the European Union, which should be applicable to the Territory.
C. Adoption of the agenda
The International Committee of the Red Cross continued to stress the high cost of the illicit trade in small arms and light weapons in the world and to promote existing international rules and responsibilities in the field of weapons.
Corrigendum
National reconciliation efforts also need to be supported, particularly for the reintegration and resettlement of ex-combatants and the support for electoral preparations.
In addition, the need for sustained support for human rights capacity-building is also needed to develop the protection strategy for children.
These issues constitute a major challenge for youth to play an informal or formal role in forestry.
It is hoped that the regional economic and social commissions of the United Nations will redouble their efforts to promote youth's interest in forest issues.
On behalf of the Council, I have the honour to welcome Mr. Rürk and to invite him.
Report of the Coordinating Committee on Coordination (A/58/16, chap. III, sect. B, programme 8, sect. IV, sect.
I would like to thank members for their cooperation and support in this regard.
The oceans has a significant impact on small island developing States.
The fourth meeting of the Open-ended Informal Consultative Process on Oceans and the Law of the Sea, held in New York in New York, indicated that the Forum was very useful, and General Assembly resolution 57/141, decided to take up the process for three years.
Despite the efforts made, the problem of the marine pollution caused by the marine environment remains far unresolved.
As indicated in the report, there is a number of specific issues in the area of marine activity, and the need for continued and coordinated action at the international, regional and national levels.
It marks another milestone in the life of the Convention, which will be the tenth anniversary of the establishment of the body.
In accordance with the Office of the Attorney-General, the National Human Rights and International Humanitarian Unit did not investigate such crimes.
It has also completed several efforts to strengthen security security services in the premises (on the glass and public radio surveillance systems and public radio systems) in the humpal, cark and the roof.
Conclusion
In accordance with the necessary initial consultations, the United Nations shall arrange for the inclusion of the World Tourism Organization in the agenda of the Economic and Social Council, or in accordance with relevant rules of procedure, including the agenda of other United Nations organs or bodies.
The Dag Hammarskjöld Library has opened a dedicated web site on the United Nations web site on human rights, and the link between the relevant issues and related issues is available.
National human rights institutions have an important role to play in ensuring the implementation of international human rights treaties and should encourage those bodies to continue and strengthen their collaboration with Governments and civil society organizations whenever possible.
Any person or television equipment or television equipment or electronic means of use or use of the use or use of the nuclear power can be sent to a person or receiving electronic means, only if such an act is punishable by imprisonment to three (3) years.
Recalling the results achieved in the past decade, it is not surprising that all Member States had the opportunity to express their views on the reform of the reform and to make them the recommendations.
The veto is a flagrant violation of the principle of sovereign equality of States under the Charter and also violates the principles of justice and democracy.
However, because of the position of some of the permanent members of the Security Council, the Security Council has not taken action against Israel, which means to encourage Israel.
Please describe the activities of Osama bin Laden, Al-Qaida, the Taliban and its associates in your country, as well as the threat and possible trends of your region and regional threats.
The Department of Peacekeeping Operations continues to address this issue in the light of the current report of the Board (para.
Taking into account the findings of the Board of Auditors, the Advisory Committee stresses the review of the Committee's review of the importance of memorandums of understanding, pre-deployment inspections, arrival of inspections, verification reports and staff resources.
“In order to improve the well-being of young people, the enormous potential for employment opportunities, the action plan should take into account the impact of information and communication technology on each priority factor.
The travaux préparatoires will indicate that paragraph 1 (d) was intended to emphasize that the State party's obligations under the international instruments of the human rights of human rights should not be interpreted as an absolute violation of its obligations.
The rights of human rights defenders in the implementation or execution of laws, policies or practices against human rights and fundamental freedoms, which have been carried out by a number of States, have become the object of the security legislation in many countries.
In comparison with previous national communications, the third report of the Parties has made considerable improvements in the compilation and policy of information and measures.
They described steps taken to ratify the Protocol, including the necessary legislation.
Fifty-eighth session
The high-level segment of the two-day high-level meeting will be held from 1 to 2 September, and the second session of the CRIC will be held from 26 to 29 August 2003.
I would be grateful if you would circulate this letter and its annex as an official document of the Conference on Disarmament to be distributed to all Member States of the Conference and to the non-member States of their work.
Expert Meeting on Measuring e-commerce as a tool for the development of a digital economy
In response to the request of the competent mandate bodies, the secretariat of the UNCCD secretariat, in the light of the relevant reports of the Secretary-General on land and agriculture, addressed the report of the Secretary-General on the issues of land and agriculture, as well as the report of the Secretary-General on the institutional process of the implementation of Agenda 21 and other relevant reports of the Preparatory Committee.
(d) In addition to the case of the appointment of a person, the right to take a decision in the pre-trial proceedings of other cases was made.
It had prepared the draft rules of procedure, the terms of reference of the Panel and the special contractual agreement of experts of the Council.
The Working Group requested the Working Group to take a substantive discussion on issues raised in the initial investigation of the Secretariat at its fortieth session in October 2002 (A/CN.9/WG.IV/WP.94).
In developing countries, more than 10 per cent of the incidence of transmission in Uganda, it is still still possible to reverse the trend in transmission rates.
But this is not enough.
Item 3 (b) of the provisional agenda*
The expansion of UNFPA's donor base reflects the broad support of UNFPA to support programmes, as well as the common responsibility of mobilizing funding for UNFPA and its members.
The situation between Iraq and Kuwait (see S/21100/Add.30-33, 36-38, 43 and 47; S/22210/Add.6 and Add.1; S/1997/40/Add.1, 2, 26, 24, 24, 24, 25, 37, 37, 37, 37, 37, 37, 37, 37, 37, 37, 37, 37, 37, 37, 37, and 50; S/2000/40/Add.4, 27 and 50; S/2000/40/Add.4, 27 and 50; S/2000/40/Add.4, 27 and 50; S/2000/40/Add.4, 27 and 50; S/2000/40/Add.4, 27 and 50; S/2000/40/Add.4, 27 and 50; S/2000/40/Add.4, 27 and 50; S/2000/40/Add.4 and S/2006/10/Add.4 and S/2006/10/Add.4 and S/2006/10/Add.4 and S/2006/10/Add.1 and S/2006/10/Add.1 and S/2006/10/Add.1 and S/2006/10/Add.4 and S/2006/10/Add.4 and S/2006/10/Add.4 and S/2006/10/Add.4 and Add.1;
Fourthly, the militarization of the military revolution is increasingly complex, and the difference between conventional arms and weapons of mass destruction is increasingly blured.
The Management Committee agreed with the beginning of the first session.
This time has shown that it is clear that this responsibility to be transferred to the Iraqi people should be transferred to the end of the country's political process.
This may lead to inconsistencies and to raise other issues arising from business, enabling the poor to obtain public requests for different purposes.
The United Nations agencies, programmes and offices of the United Nations country team play an important role in this regard.
The examination process should be standardized and objectively transparent and transparent.
If this adjustment methodology is used, the IPCC good practice guide should be prepared before the IPCC Guidelines.
The meeting is indeed a unusual meeting.
After the completion of the work, we should — and I hope that we can move to implement the next phase of resolution 1244 (1999), in accordance with paragraph 11 (e), of the resolution, which aims to determine the final status process of Kosovo.
Report of the Fifth Committee
At the 28th meeting, on 27 November, the Chairman of the Committee introduced a draft decision entitled “Inter-organizational security measures: accountability framework for the United Nations field security system” (A/C.5/57/L.177).
In principle, in principle, the Secretary-General has approved the United Nations complex building for the acquisition of the United Nations complex building by the United Nations and the United Nations, and the land and construction of the buildings and buildings will be all to all of the United Nations;
The environmental reporting and social reports must be verified to ensure the credibility of the report.
Consultations with non-Member States (IDB.27/20)
The countries of Turkey, the Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Malta, Poland, Slovakia and Slovenia, associated with Bulgaria, Romania and Turkey and the European Economic and Social Council of Europe align themselves with the statement.
Regional organizations and international organizations such as the South-East Asian Association, UNDP, ITU, the Asian Development Bank, UNU and the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) have made significant contributions to the Conference.
The objective of the interregional joint project is aimed at sharing the capacity of countries and regions in the area of international competitiveness and best practices (i.g., the negotiating capacity of the international community and developing countries: (i) trade promotion and diversification; (ii) SMEs in the global supply network; and (iii) further use of knowledge management and communication technology in the area of supply chain management; (iii) further use of knowledge management and information technology and communication technology.
UNDP has also improved in some areas of cooperation in some areas of the regional commissions, but the Executive Secretary agreed to be able to make more active inputs to the Executive Committee and regional coordination meetings of the Economic and Social Council to ensure that regional programmes and activities are more coordinated in the preparation of regional programmes and activities.
The economic development of Asia's economic development is indirect to the impact of global commodity needs and supply.
Efforts were made to ensure coherence between the Consultative Process, round tables and the national development framework.
Thursday, 24 April 2003
(v) Implementation of the Convention on the Prohibition of the Development, Production, Stockpiling and Use of Chemical Weapons and on Their Destruction;
(d) United Nations Regional Centre for Peace and Disarmament in Africa;
Advancement of women [item 110].
(i) Assessment of the role of cultural and development in the context of poverty eradication in the context of the first United Nations Decade for the Eradication of Poverty (1997-2006);
The United Nations system has also developed a number of emergency humanitarian assistance projects in the north-east of the North-South and the North-East Atlantic region and in the north-east of the North Atlantic region, and in the north of the North Atlantic region.
Agenda item 91: Macroeconomic policy questions (continued)
Also reaffirms that the follow-up to the Fourth World Conference on Women and the follow-up to the twenty-third special session will be carried out within the framework of the integrated and coordinated follow-up to the major international conferences and summits in the economic, social and related fields;
The spouses must be more than 24 years.
Many of the major issues of concern, such as the reform of the international financial markets and trade conditions, the control of environmental pollution impacts, global warming and epidemics, migration flows and refugee flows, eliminate extreme poverty, access to health care, water and food, and rapid urbanization, are also essential for the governance of international cooperation.
Institutional environment
Report of the Second Committee (A/58/484/Add.2)
Report of the Fifth Committee (A/58/432/Add.1)
Draft decision I was adopted (decision 58/560).
The substance of the proposed substance is to reaffirm Russia's readiness to make notice of the upcoming launch spacecraft and its objective and basic parameters.
4.5 In partnership with the International Fund for Agricultural Development (IAD), the Caribbean Development Bank (CDB) and the Government of Guyana, the Government has introduced the rural rural communities project focusing on the development of the rural rural communities and the development of development initiatives in rural areas.
However, there are only 7 per cent of the proportion of women who were assisted by doctors.
It was also noted that the pilot plant production of NMDH was a more effective and more advanced fuel.
United Nations regional commissions
However, the project has significantly expanded its scope, including demographic trends, international migration flows, smuggling and trafficking in migrants, international cooperation in international migration, abuse of international asylum systems, and the impact of the brain drain and their impact on their countries of origin.
The training course is also an effective mechanism.
Indonesia has been the victims of a number of terrorist attacks, including the most recent terrorist attacks on 12 October 2002 in Bali, as well as the recent attacks on the occasion of the Yamoussoukro conference on 5 August 2003.
In order to deal with a number of cases, the establishment of the Counter-Terrorism Task Force was established.
All components of the broad coalition established in Monterrey are one of the high-level segment of the High-level Dialogue — Governments, major stakeholders, other intergovernmental organizations, civil society and the business sector.
After a comprehensive review of the information provided by some Member States, the Committee has reviewed the number of national, national gross income in the period 2001-2003 and the increase in gross national income in the amount of gross national income in United States dollars, and the Committee's decision on the exchange rate of national income in the context of the calculation rate (the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Islamic Republic of Iran, Iraq, Lebanon, Lebanon, Myanmar, the Syrian Arab Republic, the Syrian Arab Republic, Uruguay, the Syrian Arab Republic, Uruguay, Uruguay and Venezuela) had been reviewed in a comprehensive manner.
The Committee shall apply to the specific methods outlined in paragraph 1 of resolution 55/5 B in the light of the criteria used by the Committee for the period 2004-2006 for the period 2004-2006.
Takes note of the report of the Secretary-General on the long-term financial obligations of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the decision, and it is a understanding that the future budget requests for future implementation will be considered in a case-by-case case, taking into account the legal, administrative and financial reasons provided for each request;
The President also held several informal consultations.
Confidence-building is a dynamic process.
In accordance with General Decree No. 13 of 5 May 2000, the Secretary-General's report on the national reports of the United Nations Convention on Human Rights is assigned to the working group of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
A detailed report will be provided on a more detailed basis not only to reflect the conclusions of the meeting and also include discussions.
In favour:
The infant mortality rate is 110 per 1,000 live births; the life expectancy in birth is 43.3 per cent; the United Nations Development Programme, the World Development Report 2000, Oxford Press, 2000.
In 1991, the European Community, Japan and Canada made a common desire to promote action to establish the United Nations Register of Conventional Arms.
During the period from 1 June 2002 to 31 May 2003, the Dag Hammarskjöld Library held 125 training courses for a total of 631 training participants, including staff members, missions of missions and government officials, interns, non-governmental organizations, the depository library library and the visitors.
In such a case, the branch and subsidiary bodies shall inform banks or financial institutions at the request to enable the establishment of a computer system in order to ensure proper follow-up.
Draft resolution on counter-terrorism
At the interregional level, it will be important to continue to stress the need for technical cooperation needs and expansion of technical cooperation needs and expansion of trade-distorting poverty reduction in the context of the Integrated Framework for Trade-related Technical Cooperation in Developing Countries.
The budget for the biennium 2002-2003 and the proposed budget for 2004-2005.
5.1 General comments
1.1 Establishment of the Federal Institutions Act
It urges the Government to ensure that the high and educational education of lawyers and judges are fully included in the promotion of equality and non-discrimination as well as the understanding of international norms and norms in this regard.
At present, a cross-cutting working group has been established in many parts of the federal federation, as the struggle against trafficking in persons can be successful only through close cooperation between the various units.
(1) States Parties shall take special measures to accelerate de facto equality of women and men, without prejudice to discrimination referred to in this Convention, but also not to maintain inequality or separate standards; these measures should result in the cessation of inequality or the goal of equal equality.
The proportion of women in the category of the category (usually equivalent to the administrative branch) is 52.4 per cent of women in German staff ( 117 women and 104 men), and the proportion of women in the category of the category (usually equivalent to higher services) is 53.2 per cent, and the proportion of women (375 women and 323 men).
(a) The people of the child have contributed to the entire society.
With regard to the participation of women in cultural life, the following:
States Parties shall take all appropriate measures to eliminate discrimination against women in all matters relating to marriage and family relations, and in particular to ensure that women are committed to gender equality:
Manufacturing of the euro in the amount of a total-time employee
We are very concerned about the deteriorating situation in the Middle East.
I now give the floor to the Permanent Observer of the League of Arab States to the United Nations.
At the same time, Israel continues to escalate tensions and to attack Syria's territory.
Agreement between the United Nations and the World Tourism Organization
The international conference on organized crime and international cooperation mechanisms, in particular:
1987-1992: Assistant Deputy Prosecutor of Ukraine (220 million).
• In accordance with article 500 of the Penal Code, it would be necessary to assist and instigate the perpetrators of terrorist crimes in accordance with the actual commission of terrorist crimes.
Published in the Official Gazette of 21 May 2002.
It is a matter of concern that the depositary would also be informed if the depositary has transmitted the information to be made by the other parties to the reservation.
Otherwise, the depositary will transform a body of oversight, which may lose the nature of the “post” nature, which is wrong in accordance with the existing law, which is not acceptable.
Accordingly, the Committee urges the Committee to increase more attention to the situation of foreign vessels, and more attention to the efforts of flag States, registration States, the appropriate circumstances, and the corresponding prevention efforts of port States.
It was also suggested that the latest trends in international law, such as environmental and economic law, are increasingly influenced by the characteristics of a constituent system, as a first step of the First Committee, as a first step, to identify rules and mechanisms that might arise in the context of relevant international instruments, and to analyse the rules and mechanisms of general international law, in particular the relevant treaty rules.
Organizational matters.
In 2001, the Commission decided to appoint a independent expert on poverty and human rights in 1998 to appoint a independent expert on extreme poverty, and the Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights issued a statement on poverty and human rights.
Participants concluded that greater efforts must be made to disseminate information on their mandate and activities.
The UPDF's UPDF has been able to avoid conflict, from the post of Yambo and the police headquarters of the town.
He expressed concern about the concerns of States, but urged delegations to reach a compromise.
Germany recognizes that terrorism and the threat posed by excessive armaments threaten international peace and security.
In recent years, the efforts of the peace in peace in the Middle East are mostly outside the Council.
In particular, policymakers wish to ensure that there is sufficient research staff in order to meet the increasing needs of countries to expand scientific capacity and focus more on knowledge.
Article 1
Noting that most of the remaining Non-Self-Governing Territories are small island Territories,
Informal consultations on agenda item 52 (b) (Oceans and the law of the sea)
The next two-year cycle will be determined at each policy meeting.
Statement by the Secretary-General
Recognizing also the important role of new technologies and emerging technologies in enhancing national productivity and competitiveness, and, inter alia, capacity-building and measures to promote the transfer and diffusion of technologies to developing countries and enhance public and scientific awareness,
The parties Parties and armed conflict parties shall take all feasible precautions in the region under control under control under the control of explosive remnants of war, and to prevent the risks and effects of the war, civilian and civilian objects of the civilian population.
At the appropriate level, the explosive ordnance munitions should be carried out regularly, to ensure that the munitions are expected to be expected.
Welcoming also the ongoing review of the review process at the first session of the Preparatory Committee on the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, held in New York from 8 to 19 April 2002,
UNCTAD
In our efforts to combat terrorism, it is also necessary to ensure that the dignity and fundamental freedoms of the person are guaranteed, ensuring that democratic processes and the legitimate legal process will not be violated.
This report helps sanctions sanctions to measure the extent of compliance with sanctions and to identify technical assistance required to improve implementation.
In 2002, the Office of the High Representative for the Least Developed Countries, Landlocked Developing Countries and Small Island Developing States continued to contribute to the implementation of the Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries for the Decade 2001-2010 to the programme of work of United Nations agencies, funds and programmes.
Audit management
Draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.8 and A/C.2/58/L.49
The policy on staff resources, as well as the policy of a multi-pronged approach undertaken by UNHCR (see para. 19 above), includes such policies as the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights and the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, to meet the needs of the staff of the Office of the United Nations Office for Human Rights in large or complex emergencies, while the United Nations reserve staff included the staff of the high-level reserve personnel.
This enables WHO to receive adequate qualifications to the World Bank, as well as the relationship between the World Bank and the United Nations High Commissioner for Training (UNHCR) experts from the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO), as a small fraction of the overall activities of WHO.
Details are provided in the report of the Secretary-General on 4 October 1999 S/1999/104.
Sixth session
The Conference of the Parties,
Mr. Robert Mugabe, President of the Republic of Zimbabwe, was escorted into the General Assembly Hall.
Ms. Lil (Barbados): Mr. President, I would like to thank you, Sir, on your assumption of the presidency of the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session.
The EU has recently highlighted the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction in common and security policies, which shows that we are very much of our efforts to work together with our efforts.
Anti-personnel mines should not contain a clean device.
The UNCTAD report briefly recognized the impact of conflict on the development of least developed countries.
The Advisory Group recommends that the ninth session be held in early March 2004.
The role of the regional commissions in providing important technical cooperation services to developing countries was also recognized.
At the time of the issue of the Conference on Disarmament, I would like to express our hope that the Disarmament Commission would like to express its hope that the sole body of the Disarmament Commission, which will be discussed in the deliberations and the guiding principles of disarmament — will be the only institution of the Organization as a effective and fruitful exchange of views.
For the date of nuclear weapons, mankind has been exploring the way to eliminate the elimination of nuclear weapons.
We would be seen as an important gesture, which will take a step towards the practical modalities and methods of nuclear disarmament.
The first speaker is the representative of the European Union on behalf of the European Union.
Unlike the Ottawa Convention, it has not yet done a total ban on landmines, but its progressive way has been widely supported by the main use of landmines and the broad production of small producers.
At the same time, my Government sent a clear signal that it does not intend to sacrifice the future and has been nominated as a member of the Department of Foreign Affairs, which has been appointed by the Minister for Foreign Affairs.
The Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo believes that the draft model model model model model for private finance projects represented a real sense of progress, which would enable States to coordinate their own legislation, and the Government of the Congo had also been pleased to adopt a single text and to retain all legislative recommendations and to retain all legislative recommendations.
Decisions on the next meeting, including dates and dates
Recalling also paragraph 102 of the Final Document of the Thirteenth Conference of Heads of State and Government of Non-Aligned Countries, held in Kuala Lumpur from 20 to 25 February 2003, in Kuala Lumpur, which noted that, inter alia, the Chairman of the Ad Hoc Committee of the Indian Ocean Group will continue to work on the future work of the Committee,
Table 11.5 Resource requirements by subprogramme (Thousands of United States dollars)
One is one of the priorities of the actions of the Ukrainian peace and security policy.
We believe that in many post-conflict situations, the problem of landmines is a prerequisite for peace consolidation and reconstruction.
In Guatemala, the administrative coordination unit established a administrative coordination unit responsible for the clearance and destruction of unexploded ordnance.
In addition, the representative of Israel announced that he was ready to cooperate with the mine problem.
The progress in the implementation of the HIPC Initiative is slow and slow, and the process of the process has been cumbersome and even even reached in the process, which is unlikely to be a sustainable debt level at the end of the process.
UNFPA anticipates that the implementation of the ERP system would replace all existing systems used by Headquarters and country offices.
Training.
Posts.
Document DP/1997/2.
The sentence of the sentence of the sentence may be carried out through a electronic monitoring tool at the last four months of imprisonment.
UNEP noted that it supported the work of the Centre for Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice in the field of crime prevention and expressed its hope that cooperation on the issues of common concern would be undertaken.
In view of my responsibilities under the chairmanship of the Islamic Summit, I believe that I have the honour to inform you of the decisions of the meeting, so that you would be able to inform the members of the Security Council so that they will take into account our position on the above issues.
If we continue to work on these basic points, I am sure that we can see a new prospect of global security: a new future of the global security of our country, including the human rights of the terrorist threat.
The remaining future will be reported in the next few years.
The Panel's claim for the Palestinians' “late claims” and the total category of “C” claims, as well as the number of the number of Kuwaiti, Jordanian and Palestinians submitted by Governments and international organizations to the claims submitted by Governments and international organizations.
An important objective is to provide a brief and high-quality information on issues of technical cooperation in the United Nations, and to assist the programme of the programme to formulate decision-making in technical cooperation and to assist donors in the necessary adjustments to the funding decisions.
According to this claim, the interaction between the United Nations technical cooperation providers will generate options, while overall coherence is achieved through the programming process.
Also welcomes the ongoing dialogue between the Security Council and the Counter-Terrorism Committee and the relevant bodies of the Commission for Human Rights and the promotion and protection of human rights, and encourages the Security Council and its Counter-Terrorism Committee to continue to work with relevant relevant human rights institutions, in particular with the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, to take due consideration to the promotion and protection of human rights in accordance with the resolutions of the Security Council and the relevant resolutions relating to terrorism;
The concept of a culture of peace includes respect for the lives, full respect for human rights, the rejection of violence, sustainable development, sustainable human development, conflict prevention and tolerance, solidarity, pluralism and national and ethnic, religious, cultural and other forms of understanding and understanding of the concept of the concept of peace, and the integration of all major initiatives in the national, regional and multilateral forums.
Contributions pledged as at 30 June 2003 as at 30 June 2003
For example, in the event of international military operations, the Norwegian Armed Forces use a high-ended cluster bomb bomb.
Albania, Belgium, Bhutan, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Canada, Croatia, Cyprus, the Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, France, France, Latvia, Latvia, Poland, Poland, France, Germany, Poland, Poland, Poland, the Republic of Korea, Slovakia, Poland, the Republic of Korea, Slovakia, Poland, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Slovakia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Turkey, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey,
Concluding observations of the Committee on the Rights of the Child (CRC/C/15/Add.201), para.
In this regard, we welcome the results achieved at United Nations Headquarters at United Nations Headquarters on 6 March.
It should not be allowed to provide a temporary report with a view to ensuring that the State's national reports are responsible for the purpose of supporting and supporting terrorism.
Also calls upon Israel to comply with articles 100, 104 and 105 of the Charter of the United Nations, as well as the Convention on the Privileges and Immunities of the United Nations and the Convention on the Privileges and Immunities of the United Nations, in the Occupied Palestinian Territory, including East Jerusalem, in the Occupied Palestinian Territory, including East Jerusalem;
B. Prior control
Report of the Secretary-General entitled “Follow-up to the International Year of Older Persons: Second World Assembly on Ageing: Second World Assembly on Ageing” and the report of the Secretary-General entitled “Follow-up to the Second World Assembly on Ageing” (A/58/160).
Article 20 defines the provisions of a continuing nationality on the date of receipt of the request and that the rule could be extended to individuals and should be extended to legal grounds.
However, some vulnerable employees are still excluded from the liberalization of the labour market in the labour market, and there are almost no access to the protection of trade unions, while there was a number of resistance that have been made in the context of the relationship between employment relations, but also led to a number of conflicts such as the human rights and environment.
The New Zealand delegation recognized that the ceiling for payment of parental leave would limit some fathers to join the programme, especially in the light of the difference between women and men.
In order to combat the pressure from male rights groups, New Zealand has continued to work on the use of children in marriage or relations.
They considered that the Interim Chemical Review Committee had already been sufficiently and clear information, sufficient to make recommendations to the consensus, and that all relevant standards of chrysotile asbestos had been met and that all relevant standards of asbestos would be met.
Table 3. Third instalment category “A” claims corrections
(c) Contributions by the International Seabed Authority.
Consideration of draft resolution A/C.5/58/L.45
Resolutions
Macroeconomic policy questions
United Nations Administrative Tribunal
A/C.3/58/L.32 Item 116 -- Right of peoples to self-determination -- Twenty-fifth session — use of mercenaries as a means of violating human rights and impeding the right of peoples to self-determination [A C E F R S]
Long-term private capital flows to developing countries
The net increase in net inflows is the rapid growth of the industrialized countries' financial deregulation and the rapid growth of the European Union.
In the 1990s, the official “saving” action was a major international mechanism for addressing debt-servicing issues, but many problems were considered to be applied to the application of such approaches.
Debt relief, International “HIPC's Heavily Indebted Poor Countries (HIPC) Initiative: the Bretton Woods institutions in the Bretton Woods institutions, expressing the support of the HIPC Initiative, the 7th HIPC Ministerial Meeting, Washington, D.e. 27 September 2002, Washington, D.e.
(h) A joint joint-party insurance plan should be adopted at the bilateral, subregional and regional levels;
In paragraph 56 of the report of the Secretary-General (A/57/387, para. 56), the Secretary-General referred to two sets of measures: improving the quality of reports and analysis of the special procedures, including clear criteria for the adoption of special procedures and selection of appointed persons, as well as the need for better guidelines for operational activities and reporting guidelines, as well as the strengthening of the capacity of the Organization to support the special procedures, including the appointment of more senior professional personnel and providing good administrative support.
It is encouraging, however, that there was a number of 14 women representatives in the National Assembly, who were one of the six members of the Advisory Committee.
Currently, the number of school enrolment in secondary and secondary schools has already exceeded the absorptive capacity of existing educational infrastructure.
Although there is no parallel plan for women, the Government of the Kingdom has pledged to incorporate all sectors and programmes to promote women's participation in all sectors and to reflect the needs and potential of women.
The divorce is not rare because Bhutan is not in the case of many other countries, which does not prohibit divorce.
A number of years of action to combat such transactions may be transferred to the use of pornographic workers, so that they are not monitored and dealt with, without their advice on HIV/AIDS and other sexually transmitted diseases.
Bhutan Government Ministry of Education, 2001.
It is widely recognized that trade liberalization will lead to enormous economic interests.
The first phase of the World Summit on the Information Society, held in Geneva in 2003, should contribute to improving the use of all countries in the use of information and communication technologies, bridging the digital divide.
Finally, the final review of the areas of agreement and addressing outstanding issues in order to develop the draft articles on the jurisdictional immunities of States and their property, as well as the discussions and discussions of the Ad Hoc Committee of the Sixth Committee, as well as the outcome of the discussions and discussions on the draft articles of the Sixth Committee and the outcome of the discussions, as well as the format of the instrument.
Two hotels have been killed by the Iraqi forces, but the second hotel was used as the centre of the detention of the detainees and the detainees, and the hotel of the third instalment in the third instalment, which had been removed from the use of the Iraqi forces.
As such, for example, the three claims referred to in paragraphs 153 to 154 above, as described in paragraphs 153 to 154 above, the Panel concluded that, taking into account the nature of the nature of the structure of the organization, the magnitude of the major loss of loss, the extent of reconstruction, the duration of reconstruction and the extension of the post-building measures, the first and second claimant claims for the period of 31 March 1991 and 9 July 1991, as well as the provision of adequate compensation for the second claimant.
1.11 The value of commercial securities is valued in response to cash flows and reserves, as well as the assumption of the expected profits and loss of loss.
Ibid., paras. 209 and 212.
Bearing in mind that the security, health and life of the civilian population and other unexploded ordnance and the safety, health and life of the civilian population and the humanitarian, peacekeeping and recovery programmes and operations,
Report of the Secretary-General pursuant to paragraph 24 of Security Council resolution 1483 (2003) (S/2003/715)
Iraq is indeed a great contribution to the understanding and recognition of the legal, scientific and artistic understanding, which is indeed a great contribution to human civilization.
It is clear that the contribution of Iraqi friends to the benefit of the people of Iraq and the interests of the Iraqi people should be a response to the aspirations and aspirations of the Iraqi people.
The gross national income of the population declined from half to half in 2000.
Information received from the Office of the Special Coordinator of the United Nations Special Coordinator in the Occupied Territories in the occupied territories of the United Nations, 16 September 2003, para.
The Advisory Committee recommends that the Executive Board approve the revised estimates for the biennium 2002-2003, as well as the level of staffing for the biennium 2002-2003, and to take into account the projections of the 2004-2005 budget, taking into account the circumstances described in paragraph 8 above.
As a result, it was observed that the Office of Internal Oversight Services visited two United Nations information centres.
United Nations
Source: UNESCO's education statistics on education statistics in Spanish, Canada, and the Ministry of Science and Science Education.
In the overall mortality rate of the population, 371,102 people were killed in 1999 and 479 per cent were women.
The network is composed of professionals and efforts to promote the special issues of women's health in the preparation and investigation of research programmes.
Policies and programmes
Legislation on the status of the situation described above
For the text as adopted, see chapter II, section A, resolution 2003/14.
They have a serious impact on children.
Undoubtedly, this issue is a long-term challenge for the entire United Nations family.
In many countries of the world, children are victims of armed conflict.
The United States maintains support for the recruitment of 18 years of age and the recruitment of non-State actors in the recruitment or application of hostilities.
(b) Voluntary funds administered by the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees.
Commends the Board for its efforts to monitor the implementation of the relevant resolutions of the Economic and Social Council, in particular:
* In consultation with internal consultations, the submission of the present document was slightly late.
When the public sector has effect, or “effectiveness”, the public sector can be deemed efficient and efficient when the objectives of its operation are guided.
The Conference decided.
Operative paragraph 1 was adopted.
Bolivia, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru and Venezuela: draft resolution
In view of this view, a comprehensive approach could not be achieved as a result of constructive results.
See also the Protocol for the Establishment of the International Oil Pollution Supplementary Supplementary Fund, which is supplemented by the “party” supplementary fund.
On 21 June 2003, the Special Representative met with the Administrator of the Secretary-General to explain the understanding of its common and individual responsibilities in accordance with the provisions of resolution 1483 (2003) on the transfer of the oil-for-food programme.
http://www.cisgg.p/1_299999.htm
Promotion of the right to cultural rights and respect for different cultural identities
Such lessons could be analysed through external evaluation, project monitoring and/or implementation of the project's knowledge in the implementation of the project.
While awareness and understanding of the increase in the level of change into behavioural change is rare, they can be useful to complement and increase information and actions to other types of interventions.
Recalling the Convention on the Liability of Damage Caused by Space Objects and the Convention on Registration of Objects Launched into Outer Space,
In addition, in addition to the rest of the Bouaké region, the new military officer does not allow the military liaison officers to provide full freedom of movement; they are allowed to be controlled by military liaison officers.
Financial aspects
Requests the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to cooperate with other relevant international and regional organizations to assist States in formulating relevant legislation and regulations and to provide and implement other expertise or technical assistance in the implementation and implementation of the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime and the Protocol to Prevent, Suppress and Punish Trafficking in Persons, Especially Women and Children, and encourages Member States to continue to support the Centre through voluntary contributions to the United Nations Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Fund.
The Security Council is meeting in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
Let us strengthen the fight against terrorism.
In the context of the efforts of the Security Council to find a peaceful settlement of the diplomatic proceedings of the Iraqi crisis in the Security Council, Angola has consistently advocated the peaceful settlement of conflicts and the need for the use of force to be a final instrument.
I would also like to thank Mr. Blix and Mr. ElBaradei for his excellent work, which is characterized by neutrality and objectivity.
At the request of the representative of the United States of America, a recorded vote was taken on the sixth preambular paragraph and operative paragraph 35 (a), which was retained by 51 votes to 1, with 0 abstentions.
The text of the whole resolution was adopted without a vote.
While the Committee wishes to make no effort to improve the capacity of the Committee to comply with the Protocol, the Committee is equally aware of the fact that the baseline data is a serious matter, but only the Committee's full and complete consideration of the fact that the Committee has been able to make a clear justification for the submission of the application, which has been formulated in the future, and that it would be set out in a decision.
He concluded that the environmental impact of the environmental environment had to be given more grounds for the protection of the ozone layer, and that it would be more likely to be the result of the rapid pace of the recovery of the ozone layer.
(ii) In addition to the necessary use of the Parties, the consumption of methyl bromide for methyl bromide shall be terminated on 1 January 2007 in accordance with the necessary use of the plan;
The Netherlands has signed its intention to strengthen cooperation with Colombia in a port security programme, including cooperation between the public and private sectors, such as the police and port companies.
(ii) The parties to the interim measure have not received any notice of the appointment of arbitrators or the appropriate notice of the arbitration proceedings [where the court may suspend the proceedings before the arbitral tribunal shall be suspended]; or
It was further explained that the draft revised text was intended to allow the courts to recognize and enforce the discretion of a particular interim measure, not only in the absence of an important issue, and should also be convinced that the question was the appropriate basis for refusing and recognition.
It was agreed that this provision should avoid unnecessary deviations from the text of article 35 and 366.
In that connection, the Working Group considers that the procedure for the application of the procedure should be applied.
If a State is to be able to reject the situation, it is not incompatible with the uniform nature of these provisions.
C. Summary of the quality and cost of logistics services 13 - 16 7
Vienna, 17-21 November 2003
The UNCITRAL Model Law on Electronic Commerce (“the Model Law”) has also lacked specific rules.
The Court unanimously concluded that the Internet's electronic data advertising is only one of the invitations to be held in the case of the case, and that a binding contract would be established only if the seller accepted the buyer's price (for a bid).
In the financial intermediation sector, the Financial Police Service is mainly under section 5 (10) of Decree No. 10 of 5 July 1991 on the National Police Service and the provincial units, as mandated by the Military Police Unit, and in accordance with article 5 (10) of Decree No. 10 of 5 May 1997, as amended by the supervisory body.
It is clear that this crime must be carried out in the territory of the Italian territory or in any case, in any event, within the law of Italy.
Article 1
(Signed) G. G. U. B.
At the same time, the Special Court is not affected by the fundamental nature of the Government of Cambodia.
The accused of the accused, Azmii, Gazm Zqqsi and Fadadoui, from the Vinaina city, are charged with the terrorist activities, illegal arms and ammunition and incitement to hatred.
It reiterated the joint liaison group, which should be invited to communicate with the secretariat of the Ramsar Convention on the Information and Communication of the Joint Contact Group; the SBSTA reaffirmed the relevance of the IPCC's technical document on biodiversity and climate change, and the contribution of the SBSTA to the work of the Inter-Agency Liaison Group, and to take note of the work of the Inter-Agency Liaison Group on the activities of the Inter-Agency Liaison Group in the context of the cooperation between the UNCCD, the Convention on Biological Diversity and the United Nations Convention on Climate Change, and to take note of the work of the Inter-Agency Liaison Group on the activities of the Inter-Agency Liaison Group in the context of the cooperation between the UNCCD, the Convention on Biological Diversity and the United Nations Convention on Climate Change, and to take note of the work of the Joint Contact Group on the activities of the Inter-Agency Liaison Group in the context of the cooperation between the UNCCD and the UNFCCC.
The University of Harvard University (2003), Robert K. Kennedy, Professor and Minister for Justice, Professor of Justice, Ministry of Justice, Ministry of Public Information and the International Conference on the Promotion of the Rights of the Law of the International and private Law of the United Nations, which is organized by the Ministry of Public Prosecutor and the International Conference on the Promotion of the Rights of All Persons in Developing Countries.
Elimination of racism and racial discrimination
Economic and Social Council
Requests the secretariat of the Global Environment Facility secretariat to initiate a dialogue with the secretariat of the Convention, in consultation with the secretariat of the Global Environment Facility, to streamline the guidance of the Conference of the Parties to the Conference of the Parties on the basis of the lessons learned from the financing of the GEF and the lessons learned from the Global Environment Facility, to streamline these guidance and to report on the results of this dialogue in the reports submitted to the COP at its tenth session;
It should be flexible as a framework for national action to address specific requirements and circumstances of Parties and reflect national priorities and initiatives.
In addition, taking into account the damage caused by conflict, the Committee finds that it would be preferable to re-evaluate the rate of assessments for 2003 in 2003 and would be preferable to the application of the United Nations operational exchange rate, rather than price adjustments.
The European Union believes that, in accordance with rule 160 of the rules of procedure of the General Assembly, the adjustment of some assessed contributions should not lead to the increase in the activities of other Member States in the scale of the adoption of the General Assembly.
The United States Virgin Islands is an organized organization of the United States of America, but not a partial Territory.
Among other things, the Ministry of Public Rights cited the right to physical and equal protection, freedom of expression, freedom of association and freedom of religion.
One of the concerns raised in recent years is the low drop-out rate in the Territory.
He regretted the violation of the civilian rights of the conflict in Burundi and regretted that the warring parties seek for lasting peace.
In addition to the International Conference of the Red Cross and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Canada, a senior diplomatic representative was seconded to the Permanent Representative of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, which was chaired by the Permanent Representative of UNESCO.
(c) International financial system and development;
The legislation on the objectives of the Al-Qaida and the Taliban have been updated to enable them to take into account the provisions of the Committee's rules of procedure and the requirements foreseen in resolution 1452 (2002).
(c) Order of the Government of the Ministry of Education on 7 January 1979
The review resulted in the termination of nine of the 13 audit recommendations, and reaffirmed four recommendations, three of which were accepted by the Department of Peacekeeping Operations.
Conditions of service and compensation for other official officials of the General Assembly, except by officials of the General Assembly: members of the International Civil Service Commission and the Chairman of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions (A/C.5/57/35)
With regard to any offence applicable to this article, the State party should expedite the process of extradition and streamline the evidentiary requirements related to the application of the extradition procedure.
Unless the State party is transferred to the State party in accordance with paragraph 10 and 11 of this article, the State of nationality shall not be subjected to the prosecution, detention, punishment or the freedom of liberty of the State in the territory of the State of origin, as a result of his or her nationality, as a result of his or her nationality.
(d) Evaluation and strengthening of institutional, public administration, public financial management, including public procurement, and the private sector;
Each State Party shall request to the Conference of the Parties, in accordance with the request of the States Parties, to provide information on the programmes, plans and practices of the Convention, as well as legislative and administrative measures in their respective countries.
Israel and Palestine must live in peace and security within the demilitarized zone.
In the context of North-East Asia peace and security and international non-proliferation positions, there must be no access to North Korea and nuclear weapons.
Part I
Are there other measures to enhance domestic capacities?
In 2002, OHCHR and UNAIDS issued a revised version of the sixth edition (www.unhchr.ch/h/96) and provide guidance on the issue of prevention, medical care, care and support in the context of HIV/AIDS within the context of HIV/AIDS.
b The former German Democratic Republic retained article 1,22 on 20 February 1975, with a view to acceding to the Convention.
At the same meeting, the General Assembly decided that the term of office should be held on the date of their election, namely on 21 April.
The revised appeal called for a high level of funding, only $7.1 million.
The Committee urges the State party to take all effective measures to ensure the realization of equality between men and women in accordance with article 2, paragraph 2 and 3 of the Convention.
The Committee recommends that the State party develop specific legislation against trafficking in persons and ensure its effective implementation.
The Committee urges the State party to implement its national housing policies and its federal housing programmes and to take measures within the national level to ensure adequate housing facilities and equipment at home families.
The Committee urges the State party to take measures to protect the right to land from generations of Islam, and to ensure that any expulsion act is consistent with the guidelines contained in the Committee's general comment 7.
Non-governmental organizations should be encouraged to make a joint statement.
They also contain a very useful definition of terminology — such as “the “a” or “in-point” approach, which have different meaning in paper paper and electronic environment.
Report of the Secretary-General on progress in the achievement of the major development goals and indicators adopted by the United Nations in the past decade and the restrictions on limitations
Activities:
The conditions for the establishment of the Iraqi industrial research and technology development enterprises and provide support for recovery for reconstruction.
The International Labour Organization recognized that the following forms of assistance are provided to all social partners of Iraq, including labour management organizations, businessmen and workers' organizations:
- A inter-agency organization will provide assistance to the relevant normative work for radio and television production.
In addition, high-income and middle-income countries are encouraged to make contributions to UNICEF core resources in order to avoid increasing reliance on limited donor countries.
Many of these are clearly reflected in the relationship between UNDP and UNDAF and the contribution of UNICEF to the Millennium Development Goals.
The draft decision was adopted.
Accordingly, the Financial Intelligence Team, through the Forum, seminars and conferences, is engaged in training programmes relating to the protection of capital and the financing of terrorism.
With regard to illicit synthetic drugs, particularly amphetamine-type stimulants, we are very small in their production and production, but illicit production has begun to expand from the traditional centres of North America, Europe and East Asia.
(c) Crime prevention and criminal justice;
The secretariat informed the Permanent Committee that the organization and substantive preparations are scheduled for the calendar; most of the documents of the pre-session documents were distributed to the Committee and had been distributed to all members of the Committee and also to the Committee's internal website, which would be prepared as soon as possible in the final version of the approved version of the Conference.
Add added to the sixth preambular paragraph
It was reported that the official exports amounted to $20 million in January and May 2003.
No one has been made on this item.
Emphasizes that the primary objective of the new technologies should be to improve the quality and ensure the quality of conference services, and requests the Secretary-General to report to the Secretary-General on the use of the new technologies;
In order to achieve this goal, activities such as the African Development Forum, such as the African Development Forum, are aimed at consensus on the important issues of Africa's development, and to create a collective vision for African collective views on issues of cooperation between Africa and its bilateral and multilateral partners.
Ms. Gabr considered that poverty was directly affected by the education of girls, and the increase in illiteracy was increasing, and the increase in women's employment had also been taken by Ms. Gabr, which clearly requires urgent remedies.
Specific support for national cooperation programmes is provided in the country programme.
The examples are not explained in detail, without one one another.
The Council reiterates its intention to continue close review of the situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina and welcomes the deployment of the EU Police Mission since 1 January 2003.
As long as the United States leadership of the United States leadership is the “United Nations Command of the United Nations Command” and has continued to be abused, and it is still being abused to violate the sovereignty of the United Nations.
I should be grateful if you would arrange for the present letter to be circulated as a document of the General Assembly under agenda item 10 and of the Security Council.
Fifty-seventh session
These consultations include the Chairperson's participation in the general draft general comments of the International Economic and Social Commission on Women, Women's Empowerment and International Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, held in Canada from 19 to 20 July 2003.
Figure 2 presents export income data for all sources.
The provisions of this article are the obligation to investigate and prevent human cloning of human beings.
The Quartet Joint Fact-Finding Group continued to investigate the violence in the region.
The Human Rights Officer will continue to provide advisory services to the local people.
Geneva, 30 June-25 July 2003
Staff members of the Professional and Professional categories or more than one year or more than one year
Table 1 shows the distribution of gender distribution by department and grade.
The United Nations Development Group report on the issue of the High-level Committee on Management at the session of the High-level Committee on Management, which is designed to facilitate policy principles, objectives and objectives for the employment of spouses.
In April 2000, the International Family Care Organization, entitled “Water for the Life of Women's Life: Senior Care Initiative”, has been funded by a project of $800 million for the “Freating of women”, and an increase in the financial base of the International Family Care Organization.
On 19 April 2000, the President of the Association of the Association of the Association of the Association of the Islamic Association transmitted to the Secretary-General of the United Nations that the International Court of Justice was adopted at the annual session of the International Court of Justice, held in Moscow in November 1999.
This is the definition of the fact that individuals, families and communities have been subjected to a long-term or temporary expulsion of those who have been subjected to their willingness to expel or temporarily expel their homes, but not to invoke or not invoke appropriate legal or other forms of protection.
However, the conclusions expressed by recent United Nations and other aspects on the impact of the impact of sanctions on sanctions are considered that these exemptions do not have an impact.
In order to effectively exercise this function, the nature and impact of the Convention on the basis of the Convention and the court of the Convention, as well as the role of judicial remedies in the implementation of the Convention.
Article 13 (2) (b) - Right to secondary education
However, self-government must be linked to the public responsibility system, and the activities financed by the State are more similar.
The Committee considers that corporal punishment is not incompatible with the fundamental principles of international human rights law contained in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and two Conventions of the Convention: the dignity of individuals.
Legal obligations
In particular, the international financial institutions, in particular the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund, have increased attention to the protection of the right to health in their lending policies, credit agreements and structural adjustment programmes.
The indigenous peoples of indigenous peoples provide resources to help them design, supply and manage water resources; the people of nomadic communities have adequate access to water in traditional or designated habitats; refugees, asylum-seekers, internally displaced persons and returnees are adequate water in the camps and in urban and rural areas.
The State party's interference in the right to water may constitute a breach of respect.
National Ombudsman, Human Rights Commission and similar agencies should be allowed to address the case of water rights.
“The Commission wishes to reiterate its willingness to assist States parties in fulfilling their reporting obligations.
Each State Party has generally stated that the State's legal system has declared a state of emergency, and the provisions applicable to the application of derogation.
Article 19
In order to comply with the specific provisions of paragraph 3 (a), the offence may be made in a oral or written manner, but it is important to clarify the legal and factual facts.
In explanation of the scope of the limitation clause, the State party should focus on the protection of the rights of the Convention, including those contained in articles 2, 3 and 26 of the Covenant, as well as equal equality and discrimination based on all causes.
In many civil and political instruments, many provisions can ensure that the objectives of the Convention can be ensured.
The principle of one of the one-one votes is to be implemented, and the voting shall be equal in the framework of each national electoral system.
States parties must provide information on the impact of the Committee to assess the impact of any laws and customs on the enjoyment of the right to privacy and the protection of other rights under article 17 of the Covenant.
The International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights also provides the right to self-determination, in addition to the right of all ethnic, religious or linguistic minorities to enjoy their own culture, beliefs and practices, and to use their own languages.
In order to ensure independence and effective oversight, national human rights institutions must have adequate infrastructure, funds, including the rights of children in broad-based institutions, staff, premises, not affected by their independence.
The Government's sector should only be involved in consultation.
It is clear that the views of the Non-Self-Governing Territories must be fully taken into account in any future work programme of decolonization.
We therefore do not think as a formal draft resolution, but it would be hoped that delegations would have the opportunity to consider their deliberations and decide how we can do so.
The Committee may wish to adopt the agenda and organization of work at its sessions.
Statement made by the delegation of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland to the exercise of the right of reply in the general debate of the President of Mauritius on 24 September 2003
Requests the Secretary-General to prepare to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session the report of the General Assembly, in consultation with Member States, relevant organizations of the United Nations system, non-governmental organizations, the private sector and civil society and in consultation with the United Nations Decade for the Eradication of Poverty (1997-2006), entitled “Implementation of the first United Nations Decade for the Eradication of Poverty (1997-2006)”.
Bermuda has a three-level court, namely the Magistrate, the Supreme Court and the Court of Appeal.
The Act provides the people of the Overseas Territories, including Bermuda's British citizenship.
At the same time, Bermuda has a high cost of subsistence, and the power of purchasing power is the highest part of the world.
The average pension income for older persons is $112,286.
Bermuda believes that in addition to other overseas centres, the level of education in Bermuda is a major aspect of its comparative advantage.
The objectives of these activities will include: government officials; criminal law and criminal justice experts; public administration of the public administration; parliamentarians; parliamentarians; training in criminal justice and criminal justice; penal and criminal schools and other publications; the number of officers and members of professional institutions, judges, law enforcement officials and other specialized organizations.
This list should also include assets frozen pursuant to resolutions 1267 (1999), 1363 (2001) and 1390 (2002).
Calls upon all donor countries and countries to increase their contributions to the United Nations Development System core/regular budget, the Fund and the Programme of Accounts, as long as possible, and stresses the need to further explore other sources of funding, as well as the need to further explore other sources of funding, as well as alternative sources of traditional sources;
Takes note of the cooperation between the United Nations system and the Bretton Woods institutions, and requests the United Nations system and the Bretton Woods institutions to explore further ways to further enhance cooperation, coordination and coordination, including through the full harmonization of strategic frameworks, approaches, modalities and partnerships of recipient countries, in this regard, and stresses the importance of ensuring that the strategic framework, modalities, modalities and partnerships of the United Nations system, including through the full harmonization of the strategic framework of recipient countries, and the implementation of a strategic framework for the implementation of the poverty reduction strategy reduction strategy, as well as the implementation of the strategic framework for the Bretton Woods institutions,
Stresses the need to provide adequate support for the efforts of the least developed countries in the reconstruction, reconstruction, long-term sustainable development, poverty reduction and peacebuilding, as required by the need to help those countries affected by conflict, natural disasters and other humanitarian situations, to improve their institutional capacity;
Recalling also the agreed conclusions 1997/2 on mainstreaming gender perspectives into all policies and programmes of the United Nations system and its subsequent decision on the implementation of the agreed conclusions of the United Nations system for the implementation of the agreed implementation of the agreed conclusions of the multi-year meeting of the United Nations in 2005,
Having also taken into account the work programme of the Barcelona Declaration and the Declaration, held in Barcelona, Spain, in November 1995, on the part of the Barcelona Declaration and Declaration of the Mediterranean-Mediterranean region, aimed at linking the Mediterranean transport network and the trans-Atlantic transport network to ensure the interoperability of the two people,
(d) The transfer and introduction of new technologies through foreign direct investment and other channels cannot be ensured to ensure that technology is available.
At its 42nd plenary meeting, on 21 July 2003, the Economic and Social Council, at its 42nd plenary meeting, held a four-year term of four-year term of four-year term of four-year-year term of the United Nations Institute for Social Development of the United Nations Institute for Social Development, which was based on the date of 30 June 2007 (Turkey) and Mr. Hanen E. S. S. S. Y. S. Y. Yawo-Saiina (Argentina) and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
At its 46th plenary meeting, on 23 July 2003, the Economic and Social Council, at its 46th plenary meeting, took note of Commission on Human Rights resolution 2003/27 of 22 April 2003, as recommended by the Commission at its twenty-eighth session, as recommended by the Commission, as recommended by the Commission in its resolution 2003/8 of 22 July 2003, and requested the Special Rapporteur to submit a report to the Commission at its sixtieth session.
Zambia's residence and social integration Foundation
(d) Take note of the Committee's failure to consider the State party's complaint to the following organizations:
Commission on Sustainable Development
Invites Parties that have used, production, import and/or transit DDT to provide information to the Secretariat for the use of information on the activities of the questionnaire in the light of the draft format and the questionnaire for the period six months prior to the first meeting of the Conference of the Parties;
The resources of the Conference of the Parties shall be:
The legal drafting group indicated that no procedure had been taken for the decision-making process.
Letter dated 16 September 2003 from the Prime Minister of the Cook Islands to the Counter-Terrorism Committee
• Chile (16 June 1992;
Reiterates its request to the Secretary-General, in cooperation with the institutes of the United Nations Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Programme network, to prepare the guidelines for the regional preparatory meetings of the Eleventh Congress;
The five main speakers made a statement on the trend in trafficking in persons, which focused on the development of data collection, combating global trends in trafficking, Western Africa trafficking, and trafficking in South-Eastern Europe and trafficking in children.
With regard to the trafficking of children in West Africa, the traditional rural education form of rural children was reported to be in the city of urban households, which had been incorporated into the form of trafficking.
UNITAR workshop on the structure and development of United Nations resolutions in English and the adoption and adoption of the draft resolution
They have also found any indication of the number of new nuclear facilities or direct support for any nuclear activity.
Question of Tokelau
States should not lose sight of the rule of law in the effort to combat terrorism.
At the first regular session of the Executive Board at its first regular session in January 2003, the Executive Director made the Executive Board's report on the implementation of the revised budget for the biennium 2002 (DP/2003/CRP.3), which had been made in the light of the final projections of its operational parameters in which UNOPS had achieved a better outcome.
IAEA inspection team
Panel I: The Panel left the Canal Hotel at its 8th meeting, to visit the site of the Port Banna.
Article 14 of the Protocol and article 14 of the Trafficking Protocol.
Signature: Ghana (12 September 2003)1
Draft resolution III is entitled “Implementation of strategic deployment stocks”.
The draft resolution was adopted by 135 votes to 2, with 1 abstentions (resolution 57/325).
Political discussions is indeed very important, and the First Committee remains the important venue of delegations' comments.
We hope that the Assembly should support the draft resolution without a vote at the same session.
It is equally clear that we have called upon the Organization of American States to comply with the Treaty and to ratify the Treaty as a whole, through the Organization of American States.
We also believe that the idea of the establishment of a panel of experts deserves that the Secretary-General of the United Nations may convene a panel of experts to carry out concrete verification tasks by the Security Council.
In this regard, it should be mentioned that the Global Displacement Project of the Norwegian Refugee Commission will enhance the application of the Guiding Principles as one of its top tasks.
Although companies are the main legal personality in the field of diplomatic protection, it is not the only legal person that might not be established.
The question of arbitration, judicial, or similar procedures is governed by disputes in the proceedings of the conciliation proceedings, which is applicable in paragraph 1, paragraph 2, or paragraph 3 of this article.
I thank them for all of us in our interests and their efforts to settle the crisis.
However, the quality of the Unit's cost-effectiveness of the activities of the United Nations system is insufficient to achieve the quality of the programme and recommendations of the work programme only.
The team was completed at a time of time and then returned to the Canal Hotel.
In accordance with the provisions of annex V of the Convention, a thematic network of a thematic network ( consultant) and the travel of the participants in the amount of USD 400,000 for the organization of the North-Mediterranean countries in the Mediterranean region, including consultants, logistics and travel and travel, to assist non-Annex States Parties in the North-Mediterranean region, including consultants, logistics and travel, to assist non-Annex States Parties in the North-Mediterranean region and other affected countries to assist non-Annex States Parties in the North-Mediterranean region to participate in the meeting of the Conference of the Parties, including consultants, the Central and Eastern European Parties and other affected countries, in order to facilitate the implementation of the Convention's preparatory meeting for the seventh session of the Conference of the Parties and other affected countries.
In the ongoing dialogue on the island of the island, the St. Helena's Legislative Bureau issued 13 strategic objectives at the end of 2002 to enable the Government to negotiate its new three-year assistance agreement with the United Kingdom (2004-2007).
(f) To maintain a fixed and complementary nature of a fixed business location, which is fully defined in a number of options (a) to (e) to (e) above, as well as the overall activities of the operating business in such an activity.
The Government of Hungary trusts that the present report and the reports previously submitted to the Commission will contribute to the assessment of the action taken by Member States and to propose proposals on improving the current measures for consideration by the Security Council.
(2) In the purpose of subparagraph (a), the use of a large number of assets or property, as well as the restitution of assets or property or restitution of assets or property, shall be granted to the Government or international organization, which will be punished under paragraph (1) of the procedure.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Korea of the Republic of Korea launched a “Gender-Based Monitoring of Gender Equality” in the city of Seoul, and the report on sexual harassment and gender-based discrimination in the Internet.
A lump-sum payment rate is paid by the Minister of Labour.
Women's share of the total population of the agricultural population was higher than 50 per cent in 1990 and 51.6 per cent in 1998, and 51.5 per cent in 1999 and 2000.
Source: Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry (2000).
All acts leading to the status of life, including birth, marriage, divorce, adoption, adoption, invalidity, registration, transfer, transfer, family support, etc.
In 2002, it adopted a law against organized crime.
Racism and the promotion of the friendly movement of peoples
The discussion of the summary records will begin from 2 p.m. to 2 p.m.
In the case of the latter, it will be submitted to the Commission at its previous session?
Ms. Week-Brown (International Monetary Fund (IMF) observer) said that IMF's intention was not a standard of development but recognized that the international community had developed standards.
We welcome the fact that the international law is the foundation of relations among nations; mutual respect and aspirations for peace are a link to the large number of countries.
Corruption is a major factor in economic performance and is a major obstacle to poverty reduction and development.
The Secretary of the Committee orally corrected the draft provisional programme of work for 2004 contained in document A/C.2/58/L.54/Rev.1.
Agenda item 95
The draft resolution noted with satisfaction the growing increased collaboration between the United Nations system and encourages them to continue such collaboration to support the implementation of the New Partnership for Africa's Development.
In the first special session of the Security Council of the Security Council of the Security Council on Counter-Terrorism Terrorism in March this year, Georgia, Uzbekistan, Ukraine, Azerbaijan, Azerbaijan, Moldova and Moldova presented a summary report on counter-terrorism activities.
It is this message that has led to a number of summits in the Millennium Declaration and subsequent years, including the Monterrey, Doha and Johannesburg Summit.
In the nomination of the representative of Belize, J.e. Jladil (Jamaica) was elected Rapporteur.
The representative of the Department of Public Information replied that the allocation of resources between the United Nations Radio Unit would not be changed.
With regard to agenda item 4, on the issue of least developed countries, he noted that the establishment of effective and sustainable capacities in the least developed countries is a complex issue requiring long-term vision.
These objectives are consistent with the internationally developed international development goals of governance, and the international development indicators of the governance of poverty are at least 0.7 per cent of GDP growth and GDP in GDP.
With regard to the GATS negotiations, she expressed concern about the lack of important public services.
With regard to technical cooperation, the Secretariat should increase its effectiveness, highlighting the importance of the assessment and implementation of such work.
Moreover, these steps are not normative.
One member from Latin American and Caribbean States;
Four members from Western European and other States Group.
Stressing that South-South cooperation is an important component of international cooperation for development, and the effective opportunities of developing countries and countries with economies in transition to pursue sustained economic growth and sustainable development,
Scheduled official meetings
The Committee will also begin its general debate on Monday, 6 October 2003, at 10 a.m. and 3 p.m. in Conference Room 2.
The current agenda items and related actions referred to in the observations are presented below.
Recalling its decision 2002/1 of 15 July 2002 on the establishment of a ad hoc advisory group for any post-conflict African countries to consider the decision of the Ad Hoc Advisory Group on Guinea-Bissau, as well as its resolution 2002/304 of 25 October 2002, on the establishment of a ad hoc advisory group on Guinea-Bissau,
In order to combat trafficking in persons and prostitution, the Government has taken a series of measures, and the Ministry of Labour and Social Security of Belarus and the Ministry of Gender Equality and Policy of Belarus, as well as the Government of Belarus's Christian Women's Fund, published in November 2001, published a brochure entitled “Human trafficking issues” and the financial support of the United Nations Office in the field.
Unless urgent steps are taken to address this impasse, the situation of the fragile security situation in the country may deteriorate further.
As shown in paragraph 43 and annex IV, the Fund's proposed budget for the biennium 2004-2005 amounted to $550 million, comprising $4.2 million for programme resources and $3.3 million for programme support and $4.3 million.
The Fund's operational costs for the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees
At its fourteenth session, the Committee on Budget and Finance made preliminary consideration of the budget for 2004.
Addendum
Other matters
Rapporteur: Mr. Jean-Marie (Ireland)
Takes note of the work of the Legal Subcommittee of the Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space at its forty-second session on the work of General Assembly resolution 57/116;
Requests the Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space to submit to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session a report on the implementation of the recommendations of UNISPACE III;
1 December 2003
(d) In accordance with article 5.2 of the statute of UNIDO, the request for the restoration of the right to vote by Lithuania;
Noting with satisfaction that UNIDO has provided valuable support to the Palestinian economy, in particular in the light of the implementation of the integrated programme for the development and improvement of the Palestinian industry, in particular the encouraging results of the pilot phase of this project in 2000,
The analysis of the UNCTAD secretariat showed that Africa's problems are a long-term issue.
Even in the light of the high growth prospects of the world economy, it is still difficult to see the Millennium Development Goals.
The failure of trade negotiations in Cancún is another concern.
The number of women who are working in the Committee's committees is fully aware that the same name is another.
We would like to recommend further consideration of this approach in Africa and other regions.
The results of these discussions should be the reference of the Council to the question of the question.
(d) In particular, through training to train criminal justice officials and other relevant persons, the State party has an obligation to ensure that victims of trafficking and the need to prosecute victims of trafficking are important to the investigation and prosecution of such crimes;
Ms. Shin explained the difficulties of the use of “indigenous peoples” in the global use of the term “indigenous peoples”.
WWW provides an overview of the work of WIPO on the work and plan of the intellectual knowledge.
He again met with the Government of the Government, including the Minister of the Interior of the Minister of the Interior, the Minister of the Interior of the Ministry of Agriculture, the Minister of Agriculture and the Minister of Land and Land Management.
The proposed programme of work will also require extensive consultations, good debate and open debate on a common basis, and the need for strong political will to overcome the gap between the “legal regional” and the “state region”.
As a result of the cessation of the armed conflict, the land has become a valuable asset, forcing the military to assert ownership of the land of the former war and the uncontrolled areas.
The analytical process for the preparation of the Standard Rules is the product of many international organizations and individual experts, including the work of the Joint Group of Experts on the Coordination of Persons with Disabilities and the Standard Rules.
In Australia, a number of entities who have been identified by one of the points were being investigated.
While recognizing the differences in national legal systems, cultural diversity and different development phases, it was pointed out that those differences should not be seen as a justification for the achievement of the objectives of the future Convention.
Some of the medium-term reviews found a wide range of information campaigns and recommended that UNFPA should maintain appropriate emphasis at the national level, with a view to selecting specific regional activities.
The Counter-Terrorism Committee has reviewed the report carefully with the assistance of the experts and to submit a preliminary comment to the Permanent Representative of the Syrian Arab Republic to the United Nations.
(Signed) A.
Statement by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the United States of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the Russian Federation, the United States of America, the European Union and the United Nations on the Middle East road map
Three people were killed and more than 200 were wounded.
We also support the establishment of the United Nations Mission Mission in order to assist the transition process and follow-up to the end of this year's end.
The Assistant Secretary of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Argentina, referring to the contribution of the United Nations to women's issues and their rights and needs, has cited a number of important documents in this regard.
In accordance with its statute, the Foundation is intended to implement the initiatives of social interest, such as the promotion of learning, research, culture and assistance activities to promote social development in society, particularly young people, and to promote the professional development of the national and judicial institutions in the fight against organized crime and criminal justice institutions.
Section 4
We note the continued work of the simplification and harmonization of integrated programming tools and the strengthening of the system of the resident coordinator system, and we hope that these efforts will reduce the cost of transaction costs in developing countries and to strengthen national ownership.
We believe that the Organization will benefit from a coherent approach to facilitate the rationalization, optimum use of resources, the elimination of duplication, coordination and coordination, as well as standards for monitoring and evaluation.
Appointments to fill vacancies in subsidiary organs and other appointments
(c) In Libreville from 21 to 28 July 2003, the United Nations military manoeuvres for peacekeeping operations in the “Bongyo 2003) was held in Libreville;
E. Judicial cooperation
The Consultative Process for the preparation of the proposed programme budget was expressed.
The expected accomplishment (a), after the words “programme of programme managers”, insert the words “in the mandate”.
The Committee is of the view that the payment of repatriation grants for the future United Nations staff has been outdated and the International Civil Service Commission should be reviewed by 50 years later.
The Committee notes that the objective of the Chief Executives Board for Coordination is to ensure that the policy directives and mandates of Member States are consistent with a more coherent and coordinated response, and the Committee looks forward to the implementation of the relevant sections of resolution 57/270 B of 23 June 2003 by the Executive Board of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights on the integrated and coordinated implementation of the outcomes of the United Nations at the national, regional and international levels.
At its 19th meeting, on 23 June 2003, the Committee considered section 35 of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 (Development Account).
In that regard, the Committee stressed the need for CEB to review the issue of inter-agency coordination in the context of NEPAD.
Access to cross-border transport questionnaires and national and international organizations on the draft instrument
For example, there must be full consideration of the cross-border dimension.
The expert experts established for the establishment of a network of cybercrime had made important recommendations, which should be taken into account.
New York
Their pension increases vary from the age of retirement and the age of the age of the age of the age, and increased by 38.8 per cent (average increase by 6 per cent).
(c) Loss of tangible property losses
The Claimant also stated that the transfer agreement agreed on 6 August 1990 and that the agreement was not signed as a result of Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
UNCC reports relate to the review of a number of individual claims for the review of a loss of US$ 100,000 claims; E1 claims related to the review of the oil sector; E2 claims relate to claims relating to the review of non-Kuwaiti companies and other commercial entities; E3 claims relate to the review of non-Kuwaiti construction and engineering claims; E3 claims relate to the review of non-Kuwaiti construction and engineering claims; and “F2” reports relate to the review of the amount claimed by the end of the claim.
Decision on the payment of claims for the fifteenth instalment claims (S/AC.26/Dec.210 (2003).
The UNIDO Development Bank/Islamic Investment Insurance and Export Credit Corporation has established a large-year cooperation programme, which was implemented since September 2003 (Bangladesh, Sudan, Uganda and Yemen).
(a) In Latin America, new activities have begun in Chile and Uruguay.
In Ethiopia, several waste disposal plants have been established in order to optimize activities in several African countries ( cleaner technology).
Invites the Working Group to continue to seek the views and comments of all interested parties, including Member States, in the preparation of reports;
At the 20th meeting, on 4 November, the representative of Australia, on behalf of the Bureau, introduced a draft resolution entitled “Measures to eliminate international terrorism” (A/C.6/58/L.19, and orally amended the dates of the next session of the Ad Hoc Committee in paragraph 16 of its resolution, namely, from 28 June to 2 July 2004.
Welcomes the important progress made by the Ad Hoc Committee established by the General Assembly in its resolution 51/210 of 17 December 1996 and the report of the Working Group of the Sixth Committee of the Sixth Committee established by the General Assembly in its resolution 57/27;
Item 1 of the provisional agenda
• A large number of countries affected by small arms and light weapons have indicated that they need assistance not only in the preparation of import legislation but also in the development of legislative capacity.
(m) Importers have access to export licences to the local authorities prior to import prior to imports;
(f) States to enhance cooperation on the exchange of information relating to weapons of mass goods, and to ensure that the legality of the shipment should be ensured in the airport, seaport and border areas;
At the national level, the Division will provide a comprehensive solution to the implementation of a standard of standard management management system for the Ministry of Finance and/or the Central Bank of the Central Bank, which will be trained and assisted effectively using the system.
1 General Service (Other level) Language Assistant - Conference of the Common Services Division and Language Services Section
1 P-4 (case)
• Drafting in cooperation with the Appeals Section and the Legal Advisory and Policy Section (resolution 611, para. 1 (a) and legal submission of the complaint (especially for evidentiary and procedural issues)
The objective of this subprogramme is to conduct oversight and proceedings for appeals to the Appeals Chamber, as shown below.
• Lack of significant participation and compensation for victims under the Section of the Section, as required by the proceedings, without unnecessary delay or difficulties.
• General temporary assistant and six months (P-2): 735 euros
As a result, the first half of 2004 will be used to optimize its capacity.
Participation
The Committee requests the Government of Luxembourg to provide more information on the health situation of women, and it is in the process of conducting a survey study to provide disaggregated data disaggregated by sex-disaggregated data in the case of infant and child mortality, breast-feeding women, prenatal care and post-natal care.
The interpretation of the provisions of the provisions of the present article shall be interpreted as a interpretation of the rights of the third State.
The present Convention does not preclude the State party's exercise of any criminal jurisdiction established by the State party in accordance with the norms of general international law.
The State party may reasonably request the requested State Party to provide information on the status and progress of measures taken to implement this request.
If the State party concerned has not yet entered into such agreements or arrangements, these States Parties may consider that this Convention is based on the law of mutual law enforcement cooperation against any crime covered by this Convention.
Stresses the importance of the Convention and its implementation to strengthen international peace and security and stresses the need to further contribute to achieving this goal through a comprehensive, universal and effective implementation of the interests of all humankind, as well as to the possibility of the use of chemical weapons,
Substantive session
Also requests the Secretary-General, in cooperation with the Office of Internal Oversight Services and the Joint Inspection Unit, to develop measures to prevent discrimination against the United Nations in the context of nationality, race, sex, religion and language, as appropriate, in accordance with the principles and provisions of the Charter, and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session;
“2. Requests the Secretary-General to continue to take all necessary measures, in accordance with General Assembly resolution 35/13 B of 3 November 1980, to continue to take all necessary measures in the establishment of the Jerusalem/Al-Quds University, and to give due consideration to the recommendations contained in the resolution;
Strengthening the capacity of public administration management to implement the United Nations Millennium Declaration
Even in developing countries, Burkina Faso is an extremely poor country, and the text in the box was presented in the words in box I to the support of the United Nations system and how to address the gap between these initiatives.
Have any listed individuals in your country or in their transit?
Another speaker said that more efforts were being made to promote the broad impact of the United Nations work on the world.
Regulatory environment 4
Financial incentives: grants, credit subsidies and preferential price insurance; financial incentives: tax-free, or cancellation of profits, capital, labour, sales, value and export and export taxes; other incentives, such as infrastructure subsidies and public facilities subsidies.
In particular, in the implementation of the cluster development programme, the following good practices should be borne in mind:
The Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions proposed the same recommendation (A/58/7/Add.5, paras. 7 and 11), which could save the timing of the proposal.
The scope of activities during this period is broad.
The concept of gender mainstreaming in the programme budget for the biennium 2000-2001 is the inclusion of a budget document, which was adopted by the Economic and Social Council and the adoption of General Assembly resolution 52/100 of 12 December 1997, in which the General Assembly requested the General Assembly to address all its services, including the Committee for Programme and Coordination, to ensure gender mainstreaming in all its programmes, the medium-term plan and the programme budget.
We cannot ignore the facts.
Israel has not stopped the destruction of property, confiscation of land, the arrest of thousands of Palestinian youth, the closure of the road, the construction of the road, the construction of the Israeli settlements services, restrictions and other other measures to allow extremist Jews to enter into East Jerusalem.
Expressing concern about the increasing limitations of the Organization in accordance with the provisions of the Charter of the United Nations, as mandated by the United Nations and associated personnel, as mandated by the United Nations and its associated personnel, as mandated by the Charter of the United Nations,
Emphasizing that results-based management is a requirement for full implementation of the Tribunal's work, and that the Tribunal's work will lead to expected results in appropriate consideration of the strategy.
(k) Participation in the activities of the United Nations system: President of the General Assembly on behalf of the General Assembly; participation in the meeting of the United Nations system on the role of the Tribunal.
Other five cases relate to seven accused; the case is one of the 13 accused, one of the 13 accused, Nyykkka, one of the 13 accused, Kohanda, Kohanda, Kajijij, one of the three accused, three accused.
Following the request of the Tribunal on 9 July 2001, the Security Council adopted resolution 1431 (2002), which approved 18 ad litem judges.
With regard to other law members, the Special Rapporteur also noted that the State of the United States of America had been arrested and sentenced to the arrest and detention of radio and television programmes in the United States of America; a three-year period of three years; Australia's National National Security Directorate, Mr. Yuhhong, who had been sentenced to the death of the State of China's foreign affairs; and 16 persons were sentenced to the arrest of the two-year demonstrations in Hong Kong in Hong Kong.
The Special Rapporteur wishes to remind the United States authorities of their responsibility to respond to the situation of Islam and hostility in the Arab region.
The Special Rapporteur stressed the serious nature of these allegations, noting that it had not been a letter on such incidents, and he regretted that the Government had not been able to respond to his letter.
The right to freedom of religion is a key element of the most fundamental human rights, namely the right to freedom of opinion and expression.
This year, our country will fulfil its greatest wishes to join the European Union.
We understand that the United Nations must be a base of the global anti-terrorist coalition.
I am convinced that, in order to try to modernize the United Nations instrument, a careful analysis and careful judgement must be taken.
The authorities have been established, as he is in the hands of God.
These indicators enable the Ministry of Health and other institutions to monitor national objectives and plans to improve reproductive health services and child health.
After the adoption of the resolution, the representative of the United States of America made a statement (see A/C.2/58/SR.40).
These tragic events enable the Special Rapporteur to make every effort to ensure that the democracy of Iraq is firmly rooted in the human rights culture of Iraq and to bring a serious, systematic and systematic violation of human rights.
Consideration of draft resolutions A/C.2/58/L.22 and A/C.2/58/L.58
The final guidelines issued in 2004 would be used for mine-action capacity-building projects at the time of the whole period.
The full text of the statement on agenda item 7 is contained in unedited verbatim transcripts (COPUOS/Legal/T.683-865).
The view was expressed that the United Nations should invite the Government of the Government of the Government of the Government to discuss the relationship between the space assets protocol and the United Nations treaties on outer space in order to avoid the issue in two forums.
A series of model clauses have been developed by Governments and private creditors working groups of the Working Group of the Parties.
The Rapporteur should review the report to determine whether the information contained therein is aware of the knowledge or suspicion of the activities of another person.
The Panel will continue to carry out its mandate in the light of the specific issues selected by the London Group at its meeting.
In this regard, the establishment of the United Nations International Radio Capacity-building project has been the subject of its rightful status.
Conclusions
With regard to technical assistance and advisory services, these activities are aimed at building capacity in the areas of trade and services, investment, trade facilitation, commodities and external debt.
The President noted that, in consultation with the Council, the Council authorized him to make a statement on behalf of the Council and read out the text of the statement (for the text, see S/PRST/2003/18, which will be issued in Official Records of the Security Council, Resolutions and Decisions of the Security Council, 1 August 2003-31 July 2004).
Specific human rights and freedoms
Following a letter dated 27 November last year, the Secretary-General, after the letter of Prime Minister Sharon, was awaiting the return of the Government of Israel, indicating the investigation of Mr. Holmes's death situation, he was the staff of the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East (UNRWA).
The text of the draft revised draft recommendation on interim measures under the Convention (CEDAW/C/2004/I/W.1).
To be held on Tuesday, 14 October 2003, at 10.30 a.m.
Option B will have a serious negative impact on this process.
The web site of the Privy Council is at the beginning of 2003.
Subparagraph (c)
The mandate of the Security Council of the United Nations new mission in Liberia must include a strong mandate for the protection of civilians and the promotion and protection of human rights.
The Security Council is meeting in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
While there are more pressing problems in poverty, development and HIV/AIDS, Uganda agreed with France and Germany, as it is considered that the issue of cloning of human beings could have an impact in any event.
In December 1959, the Inter-American Development Bank was designed to promote economic and social development in Latin America and the Caribbean.
There is a large number of institutions providing financial assistance, advice or physical support.
“The measures aimed at identifying new, innovative sources of financing at the international level include the private sector, including the private sector, to support the implementation of the recommendations of UNISPACE III.
As at 31 December 2002, the headquarters of the headquarters was in a position to monitor the health insurance plan for a half of the two-year posts, and a new post in 2003 should be better monitored to decentralize the delivery of health insurance plans in the field.
In the amount of $1,499,291, an amount of $1,419,291 is to be used for the purpose of writing to the partners in the period 1994-2000 to the long-term payment of payments.
The subprogramme is expected to achieve the objectives and expected accomplishments of the following four assumptions: (a) adequate extrabudgetary resources to assess the implementation of the Habitat Agenda at the national level; and (b) Member States are willing to support the implementation of the Habitat Agenda for the Habitat Agenda at the national and local levels; and (c) Member States wish to provide technical advisory services to support the implementation of the Habitat Agenda and the implementation of the Habitat Agenda's programme of monitoring and strategy.
Support services
Some delegations announced that they had recently taken action to ratify legislation, in order to develop or reform refugee status procedures, other delegations had taken steps to promote the responsibility of UNHCR to determine the status of refugee status by UNHCR.
Following the Algiers Conference, the African Union Commission has introduced the number of ratifications required as a high priority.
Report of the Secretariat of the Caribbean Community
The countries of the Commonwealth of Independent States have faced massive international terrorism and extremism, which considered the indivisibility of this evil and global threat, without concerted efforts to combat it without concerted efforts.
The Islamic Development Bank has developed international accounting standards.
3-5 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room B
Round table 5: Relationship between the agreements and commitments agreed by the International Conference on Financing for Development and the achievement of the outcomes of the internationally agreed development goals, particularly the United Nations Millennium Declaration
48th plenary meeting High-level dialogue on the implementation of the outcome of the International Conference on Financing for Development [ 104 (b)]
Amendments to Regulation No. 98: 30 October 2003)
There are no criminal responsibility for the children of nine years.
In accordance with the Penal Code, a criminal responsibility shall be liable for the sale, sale and other types of illegal transactions in the child.
Background
There is no multi-purpose and “plexible” issue in equipment and systems.
Strongly condemns the growing number of persons involved in humanitarian operations, which are increasingly exposed to all forms of violence, including murder, rape and sexual violations, intimidation, armed robbery, abduction, abduction, abduction, abduction and illegal arrest and detention, as well as the attacks on humanitarian convoys and looting of their property;
At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.4 without a vote (see para. 32, draft resolution II).
Consumer goods
Tomchchat believes that the treaty established a strict or objective-effective principle for the purpose of addressing extreme hazards.
In this case, however, the injured party is the entire country.
It is necessary to choose a choice between the law of the law of the State and the State of origin.
The “Amo” of the Federation of Jurists indicates that the Court's approach to the damage caused by the environment.
The National Company for the Family of the Family Corporation is also unable to take a voluntary liability.
(i) Act No. 35 of 2003 on money-laundering, which provides that financial institutions and other transactions related to financial transactions (bank, currency exchange, financial companies, financial companies, credit securities companies, loans and real estate companies)
The United Nations Office for Drugs and Crime (UNODC) is responsible for the work of the following programme of work.
In the absence of resources, other operational activities will also be carried out in the areas of criminal justice reform, particularly juvenile justice and prison reform.
The situation in the Middle East
As Chairman of the Committee on Information, I would like to assure all of the efforts that I will cooperate fully with all of the efforts to better publicize the work of the General Assembly for the work of the ordinary.
Culture of peace
Philippines
Recognizing also that crime prevention strategies and actions should be based on broad, gender-based and multidisciplinary knowledge based on proven and successful practices,
General Assembly resolution 56/261, annex, sect.
Claimant's name: Limited Kuuitiat Trading Company
They also called for measures to ensure that armed elements were separated from civilian refugees and to improve the registration of refugees.
In addition, the Russian Federation agreed with the Secretary-General's observations that it would best be advisable to examine the specific aspects of globalization in a more detailed manner.
International Mining and Metals Council
2003/2 Provisional agenda and documentation for the second session of the Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues
The illicit brokering is playing a key role in facilitating the illicit transfer of weapons to those groups that may not be used by legitimate means; they have been affected by the embargo, rebels, organized crime and terrorists.
My delegation, Mr. President, would like to commend your predecessor, Uganda, Mr. Xanana Yakula Yakakakka, for his work during the fifty-seventh session of the Commission.
• Decentralization of institutional services
• International Law Institute — Centre for the Law of African Law (Uganda Kampala)
The World Bank's experience in India has shown that, in the case of the SMART case, the SMART is using the use of the Internet to the Internet through the Internet's integrated information centre and the market registration system, which is being used by the Internet.
Calls upon States, international organizations and non-governmental organizations to mobilize all necessary resources and support to achieve the goals, strategies and actions set out in the Beijing Platform for Action and further actions and initiatives set out in the Beijing Declaration and Platform for Action;
The Coalition agreement that the Government's debate on self-determination in the spring of the spring of this year would be a decision of a government entity/wide approach to self-determination, and that a decision on the issue of self-determination would be taken into account.
Improvement of their conditions is as a top political priority.
To that end, incentives are needed to enhance the degree of incentives.
The grant programme is equal for equal opportunities.
The core mandate is to establish a systematic and integrated monitoring and reporting network to provide objectivity, regular and accurate reports on the events of the child.
Human rights and development
At least one member may be a representative of a universally recognized indigenous population.
In this regard, the seminar has been a significant role, including a representative of a British representative, who was personally aware of his own words, and he was personally aware of the genuine ideas of Anguilla on self-determination.
It is requested that a special feature of the development goals of the Millennium Development Goals was prepared by the following agencies: UNFPA (women's reproductive health), the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs, the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (New York), the Refugee Commissioner (refugeor), the UNDP and the Economic and Social Council (A) and UNIFEM (ICT) and UNIFEM.
(vii) Encourage and support greater cooperation and coordination between United Nations entities, donors, civil society and the Government of the Government to maximize the benefits and support of gender mainstreaming and the advancement of women.
Discussions were discussed on how to support negotiations on environmental goods and services in the WTO.
The Group of 77 and China expressed appreciation for the ideas and expressed support made during the meeting to address these issues, in particular the need to increase competitiveness, diversify and diversify their products.
The WTO secretariat and the relevant international organizations participated in all four meetings, the first meeting of the first meeting of the International Conference on Competition and Policy Policy, which was held in Panama from 21 to 23 March 2002.
As a financial authority, the Indonesian banks called for the payment of suspicious transactions to all banks and may have to enforce administrative sanctions under the reporting report.
Article 16 (3) of the Model Law
The programme is based on objective and in-depth assessment of national needs and recognized the need to meet those needs through interregional and/or regional initiatives and exchanges.
This is the decision of the United Nations Habitat and Human Settlements Foundation, under article 3 of the rules of procedure for the administration of justice, which provides the Executive Director with a comprehensive leadership fund to provide a comprehensive leadership fund to provide technical and financial services for the Fund.
Ways and means of maintaining outer space for peaceful purposes
Costa Rica
The rules set out in the Registration Convention shall apply to the application of the rules of registration for space objects in outer space.
After two years, the views of States had been made to the extent that the new bridges of the new bridge between them could not be addressed.
His delegation wished to make international consensus on this issue, if necessary, to support the proposal of Belgium.
We therefore believe that the Security Council formally heard the views, observations and recommendations presented by the General Assembly in the report of the Council.
We hope that the report of the General Assembly will provide useful feedback to the Council on how to improve its work.
Annual
Implementation and follow-up to the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action adopted by the World Conference on Human Rights
Annex II
Expressing grave concern at the entry into force of the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty,
Notes that the third meeting of the Preparatory Committee for the 2005 Review Conference of the Parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons should make every effort to make every effort to submit a report containing recommendations to the Review Conference and to report on the deliberations and results of its previous meetings;
A/57/674, A/57/67 and Corr.1 and A/57/223.
Welcomes the signing or accession to the Convention by some States, and noting the report of the Secretary-General on the status of the Convention (E/CN.4/2003/8);
The team visited the plant plant and asked about the construction of the oil plant plant, adjacent to the construction of buildings and production operations in the north of the North Sea Company (NVGCs).
The Government of Colombia supports the Government's efforts to defend territorial control, defend national sovereignty, combat drug trafficking, organized crime and corruption, strengthening justice and promoting social development in the areas of poverty and armed conflict.
Australia.
See A/58/219.
This chapter discusses the process and outlines some potential ideas on the content of the voluntary guidelines.
In paragraph 10 of the Declaration, Governments also requested to develop a voluntary guidelines for the adoption of a “governmental working group”.
The Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights noted that, in accordance with articles 50 and 59 of the Charter of the United Nations and the principle of international law, international cooperation has to achieve the realization of economic, social and cultural rights as a whole of all States.
Question:
It will be responsible for the effective use of the lease of the lease of the lease of air transport assets, monitoring the implementation of the air lease contract; ensuring compliance with the established flight standards; and to ensure compliance with air traffic controls, reliable navigation assistance, ground support equipment and services, and arrangements for flight flight.
Notes
In its resolution 56/153 of 19 December 2001 and resolution 57/203 of 18 December 2002, the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to prepare a comprehensive report on the role of the United Nations in the field of human rights, taking into account the views of Member States, based on the principles of non-selectivity, impartiality and objectivity.
In this regard, however, it was cautioned that, in order to be accepted by States, such laws must be fully balanced in addressing special priority creditors, secured creditors and unsecured creditors.
At the 1st meeting, the Chairman made a statement on the organization of work (see A/AC.109/2002/SR.1).
Requests the Rapporteur to report to the Special Committee in 2003 on the implementation of the present resolution;
“In addition to the many problems faced by developing countries, the Non-Self-Governing Territories, many of which are small island Territories, have also encountered difficulties in many factors, such as their small size, location, geographical diversity, vulnerability to natural disasters, vulnerability to the vulnerability of natural disasters, the vulnerability of natural disasters, the vulnerability of natural disasters, the vulnerability of natural disasters, the vulnerability of ecosystems, the vulnerability of ecosystems, the vulnerability of ecosystems, the vulnerability of natural disasters, the vulnerability of the local technology, and the excessive financial burden of the natural resources, the lack of resources, and the heavy financial burden of the population.
I would like to say that this seminar is a real hope for the people of the Pacific and that the United Nations will participate in dialogue with the administering Powers in a number of durable solutions.
In particular, the Committee was particularly important to the representative of Tokelau, who said that the work of the Special Committee had been successful as a result of the work of the Special Committee.
These activities have generated a wide range of effects, most notably to the best use of resources, planning and implementation of nuclear power stations, monitoring their operations and improve skills.
There is a need for the Congolese men who are married to the Turkish men who are married to foreigners.
Because the infrastructure and other social services institutions have been fully destroyed, rural livelihoods cannot be maintained, and the number of thousands of refugees had been further exacerbated by the return of the many millions of refugees.
With regard to the second index, the unpaid assessed contributions of Member States, although the number of assessed contributions had been relatively low, was lower in the end of 2002 to $1684 million, and the end of 2001.
The representative of Mexico spoke about the national strategy for development and sustainable development in the country, based on the protection of land and the marine environment.
In addition to television and film, young people are also witnessing violence?
UNHCR has also provided emergency support to the water supply system in Hargeisa and its surrounding areas of refugee and refugee camps.
Establishment of the terrorist groups
Latin America
Emphasizes the importance of effective entry into force of the remaining Protocols of the Convention;
Gender management should not only be given to gender disparities in the needs and priorities of the needs and priorities, and to ensure that women's independence have access to the right to use and rights of women, to enable women to benefit from forest resources and to protect forest resources.
Draft report of the Conference of the Parties to the Fourth Meeting of the Parties to the Convention on the preparations for the first session of the Conference
Article 8
Step 13: Further to develop the necessary verification capacity to ensure that the parties adhere to the Treaty's nuclear disarmament agreement, thereby creating and maintain a world free of nuclear weapons.
Annex to the letter dated 8 October 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Luxembourg to the United Nations addressed to the Chairman of the Counter-Terrorism Committee
The observer of non-profit associations said that discrimination in the system of justice is not just a poverty problem because of the fact that the majority of people of African descent and the people of African descent are discriminated against in the justice system.
Coalition against Racism and Welfare of Friy Yans, Mundo Africa, World Alliance of Women
The United Nations will make every effort to assist the Secretary-General and his Government to implement the road map and to move peace.
“25. The need for further consideration of the rights of the rights set forth in the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, as well as the need to further develop indicators and benchmarks to measure the progress made by States parties to implement the rights protected by the Covenant.
It was also noted that the length of time for the time period was not proportionate to a certain exception in the security right, where some of the priorities in some cases should be applied, rather than the time of the filing of the case, rather than the acquisition security right.
A number of issues addressed under Chapter VII were addressed.
An independent assessment of projects projects and projects will be conducted based on the agreement between both and donor countries.
The most urgent task is to strengthen the Palestinian economy to make it possible from the long-term reliance on the long-term reliance on the economy of Israel.
Coordination, programme and other questions
Combined periodic report of Morocco (CEDAW/C/MOR/2 and CEDAW/PSWG/2003/II/CRP.2/Add.3)
Ms. Belmihoub-Zerdani said that 35 women were not only the victory of women in Morocco, but also the victory of the Muslim State, and the expansion of the number of women was shared by all women.
Provisional agenda for the Ad Hoc Committee
On Sunday, the occupying forces attacked Beit Hanoun in the north of the Gaza Strip, killing Palestinians and destroyed property, including some houses.
States are reluctant to freeze the tangible assets of enterprises or property to make the issue further complicated.
In 272 individuals, there were little of the whereabouts known.
It would be possible to control the activities of the listed individuals in the world, to enable them to continue to receive and manipulate their business assets, or to circumvent measures to circumvent the implementation of resolution 1390 (2002) and 1455 (2003).
It seems to be noted that further challenges are expected.
The unique forms and causes of the HIV/AIDS crisis in Southern Africa, and the situation in Iraq, has led to the United Nations to clearly define the humanitarian role and responsibilities of that area.
The present report describes the progress made in the implementation of and international support to NEPAD and the challenges and obstacles faced.
Guam is a port-free port for the delivery of the manufacture of manufactured materials.
Further developments in the process of determining the future status of Kosovo will depend on the positive results of the review.
Following a statement made by the Government of the Republic of the Republic of Serbia, the fact that the present document was unacceptable, the Kosovo Serb leaders have been able to maintain distance.
Now we need to support these mechanisms and provide the necessary resources.
How can it be possible to delete the wording of resolution 1244 (1999), the Constitutional Framework and other applicable laws and the original standards/standards as the basis for this important document?
The rural population and local communities have always recognized the first recognition of the issue of forests and the different values and calculations.
The capacity to implement the necessary programme functions is enhanced to improve the advocacy and strengthening of the country programme of office, namely Armenia, the Dominican Republic, El Salvador, Georgia, Guyana, Jamaica, Kyrgyzstan, Lebanon, the occupied Palestinian territories, Papua New Guinea and Turkmenistan.
Programme support
(c) The net support budget for the total amount of $38.5 million from regular resources, as well as for other resources and trust fund recovery, is estimated (see table 1).
[without reference to a Main Committee (A/57/L.45 and Add.1)]
Third Committee
The support of the United Nations Institute for Foreign Affairs and the Palestinian people in the city of the Republic of the Republic of the Congo, which has been killed by the Government of the Supreme Court, has led to an appeal by the Supreme Court, and the right to destroy its property, which is being carried out by the Supreme Court.
These sanctions entered into force on 7 July 2003 and 10 months.
Kosovo (Federal Republic of Yugoslavia)
Resolutions adopted
Tuesday, 6 and 21 August; 6 and 27 September; 14, 15, 10, 18, 23 and 31 November; 13 and 27 November; 13 and 27 October; 4 and 27 October; 4 and 24 June; 4 and 24 June; 3 and 24 March; 3 and 24 March; 8 and 24 March; 8 and 24 March; 3 and 24 March; 3 and 24 March);
(Special United Nations Disengagement Observer Force)
The visit was officially launched on 27 November 2002.
At its 19th meeting, on 6 June 2003, the Committee held a quarterly review of the travel ban on the travel ban, which had been removed from the names of 2 persons, which had been removed from the name of the travel ban and retained three persons to be removed from the name of the name.
Add the following countries to the list of sponsors of the draft resolution:
Recommendation 8 (88)
Since the end of the cold war, five nuclear-weapon States have significantly reduced their nuclear arsenals, but others have not fully complied with non-proliferation obligations, the proliferation of nuclear weapons and the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction, and the threat of weapons falling into the hands of terrorists.
The Russian Federation will support any form of political and diplomatic negotiations that address the crisis.
On 31 July, Thailand had been fully funded by the International Monetary Fund.
For this future, Thailand is doing its own efforts and will continue to do so.
(e) To recruit the activities of terrorist groups;
2-5 March 2004
This phase will be launched in the first quarter of 2005, and the fourth quarter of 2005.
Institutional
The Department of Peacekeeping Operations will lead leadership work to bring operational planning for UNAMI in Iraq and to coordinate the activities of United Nations agencies and to provide guidance to them.
Under the sanctions regime (resolution paragraphs 1 (b) and 2 of resolution 1267 (1999) and paragraphs 1 and 2 of resolution 1390 (2002), States shall refrain from any freezing of funds and other financial assets and economic resources to the list of individuals and entities without delay, including those derived from their own or indirect control of property or direct indirect control of property under their instructions, including those derived from their own or her instructions, or any other funds, assets or resources that may be provided by the State or in the territory of the State.
Kenya has carefully addressed this challenge.
The implementation of the plan will promote our common aspiration to strengthen democracy, not only in the relations between the rule of law and the rulers and to strengthen democracy in all of the other religions.
We believe that the United Nations must play a practical role in promoting and strengthening global democracies and for the creation of an enabling environment to secure peace, prosperity and sustainable development.
The structure of the region is not conducive to the creation of full employment to increase the economic active population of each year.
2003
One solution is the inclusion of a provision in which diplomatic protection is complemented by the provision of protection for the protection of human rights or the protection of human rights, but it must be accompanied by binding decisions such as judicial decisions or arbitration decisions, as well as the protection of a special system.
His delegation believed that the best option was to be a civilian liability of the operator, and the remaining liability was borne by the State.
The topic on the topic of the use of the legal system on the loss of transboundary harm caused by transboundary activities is the continuation of the discussions on the draft articles of the draft articles as a matter of prevention.
** Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-seventh Session, Supplement No. 6 (A/57/6/Rev.1).
(c) Sustained growth in space-related industries will continue to be sustained during the biennium during the biennium.
Second Committee
Recommendation 7
Action: A joint discussion on the issue of trade and environmental development in Singapore, held in Singapore on 16 May 2002, was discussed jointly with the WTO Trade and Environment Regional Workshop.
Expresses concern at the delay experienced by the Secretary-General in deploying and providing adequate resources to some recent peacekeeping missions, in particular those in Africa;
It is important to devote special attention to the preparations for the High-level Dialogue on the High-level Dialogue in the public sector and civil society.
A group of Dr. Major Wall Macalaama, Ministry of the Interior, subsequently joined the Working Group.
Eastern Mediterranean Division (excluding Arabic)
They also stressed the importance of addressing outstanding issues in the framework of the OPCW, with a view to achieving the way for the effective, full and non-discriminatory implementation of the Convention.
Developing countries in developing countries may also be concentrated in some SMEs.
As indicated in document DP/2002/35, UNOPS has completed the implementation of the recommendations.
The open debate on these issues is needed, as they have broad effects.
The National Forest Programme Services project was chaired by FAO and has received support to many donors and developing countries.
In the fourth round of balloting (third restricted ballot), Poland has received two thirds of the two-thirds two-thirds majority of the members of the Economic and Social Council for a three-year term beginning on 1 January 2004.
Annex II
[A C E F R S]
Approves the recommendation of the Committee, as recommended by the Scientific and Technical Subcommittee at its forty-first session, to take into account the concerns of all States, in particular those of developing countries,
Any person in the United States under the jurisdiction of the United States may have a serious civil and/or criminal penalties for individuals and entities who have been responsible for the use of a list of international terrorist lists, as well as to those individuals and entities who have not been established by the foreign asset control authorities.
Have any listed individuals in your country or in their transit?
- Law No. 48 of 888 on prevention of money-laundering (e.g. cases involving money-laundering.
Article 4, paragraph 1, of the Convention and article 12, paragraph 1, of the Convention invited Parties to inform the COP on information.
Assessment of economic impact assessments
Kenya provided the objective of strengthening legal measures to strengthen general waste management and waste management activities, including waste collection activities.
Belize indicated that the sea level of sea-level rise could be an estimated 6 per cent of the coastal zone, thereby threatening the freshwater supply of the population.
Introduction
In July 2003, Malaysia, together with Singapore, addressed a dispute with the International Court of Justice on the question of the dispute between the Pedro Brana/Pulauuu, Midi Ridle and South-South Lore.
In view of this situation, a careful effort is being made to remedy this outrage of fisheries conservation and management and to ensure the long-term maintenance of fish stocks and to ensure that the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation of the World Summit on Sustainable Development urged the international community to maintain and restore the level of sustainable fishing by 2015, and urges the international community to maintain and restore the level of sustainable fishing.
In 2002, the Fund of the Global Fund approved the item entitled “The Russian Federation-supported the National Programme for Action for the Protection of the Marine Environment of the Sea.
Establishment of a new inter-agency consultation mechanism
In many cases, the Special Rapporteur has received reports that mercenaries were involved in armed conflicts in Colombia, mainly with drug cartels, but also associated with paramilitary groups and private companies in self-defence.
Secondly, the recommendations and mechanisms of the Convention should be heard in the light of any amendment to the Convention to take into more effective prosecution of mercenaries and internationally wrongful acts, which should be heard.
In the context of the country, a new strategic framework for the development of economic development and combating poverty was developed as a very high-ended landlocked country.
Such a dialogue is a major step in the normalization of the normalization and implementation of the process of peace and stability in Kosovo.
My Government supports the process.
Item 128 United Nations system of justice
As mandated by the Council, the United Nations Iraq-Kuwait Observation Mission has provided a wide range of support and services to the United Nations agencies in the process of return to the country.
Mr. Cabri (Côte d'Ivoire): Members will be able to send a briefing on my full list and on our work.
We have also begun to provide food care throughout all regions, and we believe that this is a result.
Annotated provisional agenda
To date, the Special Rapporteur has not received a response to the Government's response to this order.
As the academic and non-governmental organizations have also faced the expertise of many demand reduction issues, UNDCP should also mobilize such expertise to support the planning and implementation of the comprehensive programme of work.
Subparagraph 3
Instrument for Explosive Remnants of War
At its 59th meeting, on 13 January 2003, the Ad Hoc Committee adopted the following agenda:
(e) Develop strategies to reduce the cost of ICT hardware and software, through tax incentives and incentives and further development of free and open software, to enhance the cost of the cost of ICT hardware and software;
At the 7th meeting, the Committee heard a statement by the representatives of UNCTAD, Technology and Enterprise Development Division.
At the same meeting, the President made a statement.
Another participant expressed the view that the Plan of Implementation of the Johannesburg Summit provided a basis for the identification of sources of access.
Other participants considered that the Commission's implementation of the Plan of Implementation of the Johannesburg Summit, as well as a clear mandate of the UNEP Governing Council decision 22/4I, has been able to develop a clear mandate for the management of chemicals management, and that the mandate should also include the review of coordination matters.
He said that such companies had been involved in capacity-building through training workers to ensure that best access to technology, but that such activities need to be supported by Governments and required appropriate political and legal frameworks.
This would be further enriched by this proposal.
In addition, the Charter has provided the Organization with a variety of types of coercive measures under Chapter VII under Chapter VII of the conflict, under Chapter VI.
What we need to do?
First of all, I would like to express our sympathy to the Government and people of Pakistan, in the event of the tragic events of 19 August, resulting from Sergio Vieira de Mello and his colleagues, the United Nations civil service.
They are not only able to provide military forces to peacekeeping operations, but also in many other areas of particular characteristics, their foreign policy and their political arrangements.
Not all international peace and security will require United Nations peacekeeping operations.
Table 5.3 Percentage distribution of resources by component
The programme of work is formulated in accordance with subprogramme 3 of programme 3 of the proposed medium-term plan for the period 2002-2005.
Thirty-three Africa countries are concerned at the outcome of the thirty-eighth executive session of the Conference of the Parties to the least developed countries.
Mr. Dukros (France) (spoke in French): Allow me to express my appreciation to Mr. Morris for his very meaningful statement and I believe that his statement contains very important information and figures.
Regulation 4.7 shows that the audit of the audit shall be applied in accordance with the common auditing guidelines, and shall be carried out in accordance with the supplementary mandate contained in the annex to the present Regulations.
May I take it that the General Assembly wishes to do likewise?
“Welcoming the entry into force of the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons in Latin America and the Caribbean (Treaty of Tlatelolco), which has entered into force in the region of the region, and that the fact that the fact that it was formally endorsed by the General Assembly at its 18th meeting, held in Havana on 5 and 6 November 2003, was held in Havana on 5 and 6 November 2003, and also noted the outcome of the Conference, including the Havana Declaration.
May I take it that the Assembly wishes to do likewise?
The final report of the Panel of Experts on the Illegal Exploitation of Natural Resources in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (S/2002/1146) was issued in October 2002 and endorsed by the Security Council in its resolution 1457 (2003) and reiterated once again the issue of looting of resources and human rights violations, as well as the root causes of the war.
In Kisangani, the Special Rapporteur took note of several cases: Mr. Bossuyt, his family and his family as a threat to the persecution of the Congolese authorities; and his two-thirds family was sentenced to imprisonment for the protection of civilians.
He took it clear that the visit had demonstrated the efforts of the Government to intensify cooperation with the United Nations in the field of human rights.
Legal safeguards in detention proceedings
After one year, the United Nations adopted a resolution on small arms, which is a resolution of the Economic Community of West African States on the illicit movement of small arms and light weapons and the collection and destruction of weapons of mass destruction.
In short, the embargo has been deliberately violated and has been mixed.
The President (spoke in French): I thank the representative of Sierra Leone for his kind words addressed to me.
We hope, Mr. President, to put this vision under your presidency and to address this issue in other regional organizations.
We regularly hold staff members and have referred to the Kosovo presence in Kosovo, which is part of UNMIK's part as part of UNMIK.
The President (spoke in Spanish): I thank the Interim Chairman of the African Union Commission and the Minister for the Government of South Africa and the Government of South Africa for his kind words addressed to me.
Senior officials from the African Union, the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) and the Southern African Development Community (SADC) were also attended.
“26. Encourages all Governments, international organizations, including the United Nations, the private sector, civil society and other stakeholders to mainstream a gender perspective in planning and monitoring CCAs, the United Nations Development Assistance Framework, the PRSP and the Millennium Development Goals;
Germany is referring to the support of the New Partnership for Africa's Development, as well as its commitment to other measures in the framework of trade liberalization, debt burden and the Group of Eight African Action Plan.
The delegation of Chile also stated that the future programme of work of the Authority should be provided in appropriate ways to ensure that the study of environmental emergencies contained in document ISBA/6/C/12.
Through exploring the work of the special procedures, treaty bodies and minority groups, the problems faced by minorities and minorities are faced in many cases, which could lead to disputes and conflicts.
The activities of the Working Group are extremely valuable, not only because of the depth of its discussions, or because it contributes to changing practices and procedures in the work of the Council.
(c) Human rights situations and reports of special rapporteurs and representatives (A/58/219, A/58/448, A/58/127, A/58/727, A/58/379, A/58/374, A/58/338, A/58/330, A/58/533, A/58/533, A/58/533, A/58/533, A/58/533, A/58/533, A/58/533, A/58/532 and A/58/41)
Informal consultations on the draft resolution entitled “International assistance and cooperation to the Central American Development Alliance” (under agenda item 40 (b)) (organized by the Permanent Mission of Panama (on behalf of the Central American Group)
At the World Summit on the Information Society, the United Nations Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues will be held in Geneva from 8 to 11 December 2003 to the Global Forum on the Information Society.
Human rights questions: implementation of human rights instruments
She asked whether the Committee wished to discuss the text prior to consultations.
There are no legislation.
No.
Adoption of the agenda.
(e) Invite development partners to support the reform and support of the public sector system and support for the reunification of civil servants, as well as the efforts of the unified State.
(c) Replace the words “and developing countries and countries with economies in transition” in operative paragraph 3 to replace the number of Member States in the developing countries, economies in transition and the number of women who are not women or in general;
Subsequently, Romania joined in sponsoring the draft resolution.
Several initiatives undertaken at the international level will be developed directly or indirectly through the development and adoption of a common data presentation, as well as to the development of a common data presentation.
A number of three interlinked projects have been undertaken on the development of data sharing models.
The National Compensation Commission should ensure that the plan of compensation is expedited and the Government should allocate sufficient funds to pay compensation.
The Ministerial Declaration adopted at the fourth World Trade Organization Ministerial Meeting in Doha in 2001, confirmed that the movement, operation and clearance of goods in the transit goods, including transit goods, and the need to strengthen technical assistance and capacity-building in the field.
(e) Promote the objectives of gender balance in all public offices and take all appropriate measures to encourage the political parties to ensure equal and equal access to all elected and non-elected public offices;
Meeting of co-sponsors of the draft resolution on human rights defenders (agenda item 117 (b)) (Third Committee) (convened by the Permanent Mission of Norway)
Taking note of General Assembly resolution 56/160 of 19 December 2001 on human rights and terrorism and resolution 2002/35 of 22 April 2002,
To that end, it is important to ensure that scientific advances benefit for individuals and to achieve the development of fundamental human rights,
See chap. ]
Requests the Special Rapporteur on violence against women to continue to examine the situation of women and children in Afghanistan and to report to the General Assembly and the Commission on Human Rights.
The Mission, the Kosovo Force and the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia will ensure that the perpetrators and killings of the killing and killing of those killed in the weeks are subject to the law of the perpetrators committed during the armed conflict.
Encourages the use of new public and private sources of financing for development for the purpose of development, which will not be adequate to developing countries, and notes that the proposals outlined in paragraph 44 of the Monterrey Consensus have been used in the context of the use of special human rights options for development purposes;
In accordance with the international agreements concluded by Kazakhstan, foreign nationals and stateless persons in the Republic of Kazakhstan in the Republic of Kazakhstan may be extradited to a judge or sentenced to a foreign trial.
It was agreed that the need to resume multilateral trade negotiations as soon as possible.
The parties must negotiate in order to create lasting peace and allow the two sides of the two countries, a independent, viable and democratic Palestinian State, based on the principles of Madrid and Oslo, and to live together with the Security Council resolutions on the basis of secure and recognized borders.
Certificate of origin;
It also provides data and analysis, as well as the summary of information and the system's summary, to enable the United Nations country team to ensure that the results of the results and the lessons learned.
The system is based on results, concise and concise, more than UNDP's focus on learning and knowledge.
In this case, in accordance with article 31 (3) of the Vienna Convention, the provisions of the reservation have not been applied to the relationship between the two Parties: “This case is not applied in the context of the relationship between the reserving State and the State of objecting States, and the consequences of the withdrawal of a reservation to the treaty is the subject of the scope of the treaty and the provisions of the reservation”.
In accordance with the resolution adopted by UNISPACE III entitled “Space: Space and Human Development Declaration”, the task teams of the United Nations Operation team addressed the implementation of a comprehensive global system, particularly through international cooperation, to manage natural disasters, disaster relief and disaster prevention, and to maximize the use of information, communication and other air services, as well as to maximize the use of existing capacities and to reduce the gap in global coverage.
Dr. Oscar Arias has been awarded a number of 50 non-members of the academic institutions, such as the Harvard University, Ltonton, D.e. Dastus, Oibo, University of Chicago, and a number of scholarships issued by the University of the University of San Francisco, the University of San Francisco, the University of San Francisco, the University of San Francisco, the White Award of the University of San Louis, and a number of awards for the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, as well as a number of awards, as well as the Award of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and the Americas.
Agenda item 57
(The unit of measure should not exceed one ten thousandth of the total military expenditures.
The Ministry of Labour, Social Solidarity and the Ministry of Family, through its Equal Opportunities Service, has developed a government mechanism to promote and eliminate equal opportunities for women and men and to eliminate all forms of discrimination based on gender standards.
With regard to the use of indoor heating for timber, coal and fuel, the “social programme” decided by the decision of the Government of 11 November 2002 to replace the “social programme” to increase the benefits of the heating allowance from 250 million to 300 months.
A/47/44, annex.
The General Assembly,
Water and sanitation.
In Barbados, UNDP has shared cost-sharing with other stakeholders, as well as a strategic strategy for integrated disaster management in the Caribbean, and strengthening the Caribbean emergency response agency.
The important achievements of the United Nations Development Group in the past year included the concerns of the General Assembly in General Assembly resolution 56/201 and the revised CCA and the United Nations Development Assistance Framework (UNDAF).
Table 2
Article 67 Method of application
In this connection, the Working Group agreed to retain the term “open applications” (see A/CN.9/546, para.
Approves the following provisional agenda for the eleventh session of the Commission on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice at its twelfth session, as soon as possible:
(a) Employment of employment: flexible approaches to hiring the skills and capacity of persons in different locations;
However, it also emphasized some weaknesses, such as the identification of individual and objective-related objectives.
FICSA pointed out that the private sector had made much more than the United Nations staff's compensation for employees in hard duty stations.
One member maintains that the State company is not in public/non-profit sectors, as other sectors of the sector do not include employers involved in exploitation activities.
Most members welcomed the proposed revisions to the classification of the duty station.
While the members of the Committee and the organizations involved in the working group endorsed the proposal for the use of other data collection methods, the representative of the staff member of the Staff Association argued that data collection should be completed by the data collection teams, but that the local payroll commission should be completed in certain cases, but the local payroll commission may decide to adopt other approaches.
Afghanistan, Angola, Argentina, Armenia, Australia, Austria, Belarus, Belgium, Belize, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Botswana, Pakistan, Malaysia, the Republic of Korea, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United Kingdom of Great Britain
(i) Advisory services: United Nations Mission in response to the request of Governments to promote capacity-building, strengthen national level mechanisms to strengthen women's participation in development and mainstreaming gender perspectives into national policies and programmes, focusing on the effective integration of women in the overall development of the Convention and the Optional Protocol to the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women and the Optional Protocol;
Amendment to the Basel Convention on the Control of Transboundary Movements of Hazardous Wastes and Their Disposal, Geneva, 22 September 1995
General Assembly Documents
[States Parties] the general insolvency law should recognize the need to expedite the amount of deposits, receivables, or net reserves, in accordance with the provisions of the other rules of the State or the financial market, in accordance with the provisions of the same rules.
With regard to the costs of compensation for these repairs, as well as the verification and valuation of these costs, the Panel adopted the practice referred to in paragraphs 108 to 13 of the First “E4” Report, which refers specifically to paragraph 11 of paragraph 11 of the report, which indicated that it was not reflected in paragraph 11 of the present report, which is not reflected in the requirements for the maintenance of the maintenance costs.
These proposals were discussed and discussed in a number of follow-up dialogues held by the International Commercial Forum and a subsequent follow-up dialogue in the Monterrey Conference.
There was a long-standing understanding of the need for sharing experiences.
However, Algeria has accelerated the process of accession to the international legal treaties relating to human rights in 1989 after the transformation of a multiparty party.
In addition to a considerable calm, curfews have been reduced, while the street demonstrations had reduced, but the movement of the “Cilan” forces still often suffer from obstacles, and extortion of extortion often occurs.
- Nigeria's intention to provide a secondary medical facility;
It is estimated that only 5 per cent of cluster munitions were fired or fired from the launch or fired, and they were buried in the ground or remain on ground.
Assessment of the implementation of the current plan of work
Report of the Secretary-General
Global Environment Facility: Note by the Administrator on the Beijing Global Environment Facility (DP/2003/23)
(b) The responsibility of the person to be paid to the maintenance of the person's claim
Takes note of the activities undertaken by the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization in the context of the International Year of Cultural Heritage;
The Forum recommended that the United Nations system, in particular UNICEF and WHO, to cooperate with Governments in consultation with Governments, with the participation of the Committee on the Rights of the Child and the Special Rapporteur on the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography, to address sexual and sexual exploitation of indigenous girls, and urges States to implement their rehabilitation programmes.
The Forum recommended that UNICEF, UNESCO, WHO, UNIFEM, UNIFEM, UNDP, UNFPA and other United Nations agencies to cooperate closely with indigenous peoples, in collaboration with indigenous peoples, in 2004, in collaboration with indigenous peoples, the experience of indigenous youth and children in Latin America in 2004.
The Forum recommended that the United Nations system, in particular the United Nations Human Settlements Programme, to submit a report on policies and programmes in the field and participate in the dialogue of the third Forum.
The following States and organizations are represented in the sub-item: the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO); Naka Kakakaka, K. J. Lawaani, Indigenous People's Rights Council on the People's People's People's Environment; The National People's Indigenous People's Forum; the National Human Rights Commission; and the National Association for Indigenous Peoples; the National Women's Indigenous People;
Concluding remarks
Sierra Leone, Uruguay, Costa Rica, Nigeria, Venezuela and Côte d'Ivoire have ratified the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty; Cameroon signed the Treaty.
In urban security, the Office supported the upgrading of teaching facilities in the Brazilian National Police Academy.
Tuesday, 4 November 2003
United Nations Fund for International Partnerships
The former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia
The costs are covered under various expenditure: consultants ($422,000), travel ($1,011,000) and miscellaneous supplies, services and equipment ($500,000).
In addition, recent investigations in recent years were carried out by UNMIK and the United Nations Mission of Support in East Timor, with a resident investigator presence in the Mission, which is being implemented in the Mission.
Agenda item 15
Reiterates its renewed support for the Peace Agreement, as well as the Dayton Agreement on the Implementation of the Federal Peace Agreement in Bosnia and Herzegovina, on 10 November 1995, and calls upon the parties to comply strictly with the obligations set out in those agreements and to express their intention to continue to review the implementation of the Peace Agreement and the situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina;
Requests the authorities of Bosnia and Herzegovina to cooperate with the Stabilization Force Force, in cooperation with the Stabilization Force Force, to ensure effective management of the military aircraft in Bosnia and Herzegovina, in accordance with Annex 1-A of the Peace Agreement, to ensure effective management of the airports of Bosnia and Herzegovina;
Condemns the thousands of mines that have been destroyed by Israel in the territory of Lebanon, which has resulted in the continuation of dozens of deaths and significant material losses.
Reaffirms all the relevant resolutions adopted by the Conference of the Islamic Conference.
Recalling the resolutions of the Organization of the Islamic Conference of the Islamic Conference on this subject, in particular its fifth session of the Islamic Summit of the Islamic Summit, and the important provisions of the Dakar Declaration adopted at the sixth session of the Islamic Summit,
Requests the Secretary-General to follow up on the implementation of the present resolution and report thereon to the thirty-first session of the Islamic Foreign Ministers.
Concerned that multilateralism in the area of arms control, non-proliferation and disarmament continues to weaken, recognizing that unilateral actions by Member States could endanger international peace and security and undermine the confidence of the United Nations and the United Nations as a basis for international security systems;
Noting the information provided by the Government of Guinea regarding the border of the Republic of Guinea;
RESOLUTION No.
Recognizing that the world economy poses the challenges of increasing globalization and integration, as well as the emergence of strong economic groups and the growing liberalization of world trade,
Taking into account the economic difficulties of the transition period in the transition economy;
Recalling General Assembly resolution 29/9-E (IS) adopted by the Conference of the Islamic Conference of the Islamic Conference;
Recognizing the solemn statement of the OIC Charter that aims to uphold and protect the objectives and principles of the Islamic Heritage,
The meeting endorsed the decisions and resolutions of the symposium.
Invites the international community, in particular the United Nations agencies, to undertake positive scientific research on the ground of sea-level rise and their impact on social and economic impacts to protect wildlife in coastal areas and countries.
The Thirty-first Session of the Islamic Conference of Foreign Ministers (Session of Solidarity and Dialogue) held in Tehran, Islamic Republic of Iran, from 27 to 29 March 2003 (Session of Solidarity and Dialogue),
Agenda item 93: Sustainable development and international economic cooperation
Only the concession
In addition, the Central Bank of Jordan issued a circular on 9 March 2003 (decision 10/3/366), which stressed the need for the implementation of article 93 of the Banking Act (No. 28 of 2000), article 93 of the Banking Act (No. 10/2001), and the relevant provisions of the United Nations Convention against Money Laundering (No. 10/2001).
This initial report has been prepared to create a broad framework for preventing the legal and practical issues involved in the use of small arms and light weapons.
In addition, the European Convention on Human Rights provides protection to indigenous peoples, which recently adopted 12 Protocol, expanding non-discriminatory safeguards.
Noting the rapid increase in the death, injury and maiming of the global road,
At its 1st meeting, on 27 January 2003, the Working Group elected the Vice-Chairman of the General Assembly, Mr. Jean-Larsen (Belgium) and Mr. Xanana-Apenteng (Ghana), Vice-Chairman.
The informal consultations of the delegation of China on “Strengthening the global public health capacity” (item 61) will be held on Monday, 19 September 2003, from 3 to 6 p.m. in Conference Room 3.
Literacy
Welcomes the establishment of the constitution and the current process of preparing a new constitution, and stresses the need to include the international obligations of Afghanistan into the new constitution and to ensure the full participation of women in the preparation and holding of the process of the Constituent Assembly and the Constituent Assembly itself;
The members of the Council welcomed the progress made in implementing the Linas-Marcoussis Agreement and expressed satisfaction with the draft programme proposed by the Prime Minister to the National Assembly for the implementation of the draft agreement, once again expressing its appreciation for the efforts of the Government and ECOWAS forces of the United Nations, and again stressed the concern of the humanitarian situation in Côte d'Ivoire.
The role of diamonds in fuelling conflict
See Report of the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development, Rio de Janeiro, 3-14 June 1992 (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.93.I.8 and corrigenda), vol. I: Resolutions adopted by the Conference, resolution 1, annex II.
Duties of the Secretariat
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
The President of the Transitional President and Prime Minister sworn his office in the same day, and the Government was sworn in his office on 3 October.
With regard to Sierra Leone, the delegation of the Security Council made the following recommendation: (a) the Government should intensify its efforts to strengthen the capacity of the Sierra Leone armed forces and police, in order to secure security from UNAMSIL; (b) the Security Council should recognize the importance of establishing peace, demobilization and reintegration in Sierra Leone and the Mano River Union subregion, and (c) the importance of a thorough assessment of the importance of the peace, demobilization and reintegration of the Sierra Leone Special Court and the Mano River Union of the Mano River Union, and (c) the importance of a comprehensive assessment of the importance of the peace, demobilization and reintegration of Sierra Leone, and (c) the need for the United Nations system to undertake a thorough assessment of the importance of the peace, disarmament and development of the Sierra Leone Special Court and the Mano River Union, and (c) the importance of a comprehensive assessment of the importance of the peace, demobilization and reintegration of Sierra Leone, and (f) the need for the United Nations system to undertake a full assessment of the importance of the United Nations, peace-building and the implementation of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission; and (c) the need for the United Nations system to undertake a full
The delegation of New Zealand, Australia and Canada agreed that the exchange rate contained in the report would not be avoided and that the reasons for inflation in non-post expenditure were not avoided and the rationale for inflation for non-post expenditures was accepted in 2002 to increase the rationale for the actual vacancy rate in 2002 and that the expenditures for 2003 should be presented in the second performance report.
The Committee also urges the Special Rapporteur to draw the attention of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to pay particular attention to the circumstances of extrajudicial, summary or arbitrary executions, or to prevent further deterioration of such situations as early as possible.
The Special Rapporteur is increasingly concerned about the new situation in Côte d'Ivoire.
But this is not the case.
“In 1968, Haiti has been expressly authorized to participate in the vote, after the circumstances of the second paragraph of article 19, paragraph 2 of the International Covenant on Financing for Development.
Agenda item 114: Improving the financial situation of the United Nations (continued)
Takes note of the report of the Secretary-General;
Reaffirming further the Declaration on the Principles of Friendly Relations and Cooperation among States based on the Charter of the United Nations,
The total number of troop troops was 3,022, which is an integral part of the two contingents providing security services for the 12 disarmament, demobilization, repatriation, resettlement and reintegration centres.
In addition, an air means for the deployment of two highly mobile contingents is required to provide the capacity of a civilian staff in any operation of any operation.
The key role of the fight against terrorism is to promote understanding and tolerance among civilizations, poverty reduction and inequality and eliminate oppression.
Mr. Nassei (Italy), speaking on behalf of the European Union, acceding to the European Union, the Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Malta, Poland, Slovakia, Slovakia and Slovenia, the associated countries, Romania and Turkey and Liechtenstein.
I would also like to congratulate your predecessor, Ambassador France, to address this very difficult job.
Unfortunately, the presence of the world in the face of banditry in the world, as a result of recent incidents of life over 120 people, is an extremely high and unusual way to remind us, regardless of what we have shown, and that it has become a serious global problem, and it is now becoming a serious global issue, and the need for greater and more effective international cooperation.
The Republic of Yemen is pleased that the international community recognizes the seriousness of this problem.
We are able to seek guidance to the CTC in the search for priority priorities and to help Canada of the donor and non-Council members of the Council.
This situation has also been renewed once again that the political considerations of the parties may also be considered as a motivation for a positive or counter-productive impact for local governments.
Fifty-seventh session
• To coordinate the work of the relevant agencies to address the issues referred to to them and to the problems referred to in their respective bodies;
Section 1: What is social capital, policy linkages, prospects (contact: the United Kingdom Office of Statistics)
Annex I to the letter dated 21 July 2003 from the Chargé d'affaires a.i. of the Permanent Mission of Venezuela to the United Nations addressed to the Chairman of the Committee
Assistance to the reconstruction and development of Djibouti
However, the majority of the most large countries of the EU Directives have no statutory rule of law on data-based data, but some of the countries' case laws have been transferred to the electronic environment.
It would be necessary to clarify whether suppliers' service services are sufficient to determine the message, or whether the addressee is required to determine the conditions for the identification of data messages in their computer terminals.
It should be noted that, as stated in the Guide to Enactment (para. 104), the Model Law does not explicitly address the responsibilities of the information system.
The Heads of State of the CIS Heads of State, inter alia, supported a joint proposal by the Government of the Republic of Belarus, the Russian Federation and Ukraine on 26 April to commemorate the International Day of Radioactive accidents and Chernobyl.
I am now pleased to invite the representative of the Russian Federation to speak from the Ambassador of the Russian Federation.
At its 6th plenary meeting, on 28 February 2003, the Ad Hoc Committee adopted its report containing the draft articles on jurisdictional immunities of States and their property (see annex I) and the understanding of certain provisions of the draft articles (see annex II).
Article 9
Article 55 of the Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations in Vienna and article 55 of the Vienna Convention on Consular Relations in 1963 provides that all individuals referred to in the Convention are obliged to comply with the laws and regulations of the host country, including the labour laws of the host country.
All funds funded by the UNFCCC Trust Fund Trust Fund are used to finance participation in COP 8.
Social activities are a process conducive to the continuation of the world.
• Services provided by government;
I finally wish to urge the Council to take the effective implementation of the Pretoria Agreement calling for the establishment of a national human rights observation mission and the section of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission, which is equally designed to ensure full and clear attention to the voices of victims.
We note with satisfaction that the Special Rapporteur on the situation of human rights in the Democratic Republic of the Congo will be visited from the end of this month.
For example, in the same effort, MONUC has worked together with the parties to establish the role of the Transitional Government in human rights issues?
Much progress has been achieved so far, and millions of Afghan refugees live in neighbouring countries, especially Iran and Pakistan.
Chairperson's concluding remarks on the general debate (1 October 2003)
Action: The SBI will consider the oral report of the Chairperson and report on how to address the issue.
Background: The SBI, at its sixteenth session, seventeenth sessions and its eighteenth session, considered the request of the Government of Croatia to consider the request of the Government of Croatia to consider the forest management activities referred to in Article 3, paragraph 4, of the Kyoto Protocol.
Requests the Secretary-General, in coordination with relevant stakeholders, to fully utilize the mechanisms of the Executive Committee of the United Nations System Chief Executives Board for Coordination and to prepare a comprehensive report on the success of the work of the International Conference on Financing for Development, as well as the successful experience of the United Nations Secretariat, to prepare a comprehensive report on the implementation of commitments and agreements at the meeting and to focus on the progress achieved in the implementation of the Monterrey Consensus, including the progress made in the implementation of the Monterrey Consensus;
(1) Africa should be allocated less than two permanent seats, which will be distributed in accordance with the decisions of the Group of African States.
Institutionalization:
(c) Notification
I am particularly reminded about the latest emergency appeals of UNRWA calling for providing important services for thousands of Palestinians.
The Statistics Division will provide more technical interpretation for the calculation of assessed contributions.
Expresses its deep appreciation to the Government of Cuba for its contribution to facilitating the participation of the Conference of the Parties at its sixth session in Havana and for the generous provision of such a good facility;
In addition, the occupying forces killed the eight-year Palestinian boy, Al-Ghareer, of the eight-year Palestinian boy, and injured his brother's brother in six years, when they were in the hands of the Rafah refugee camp.
In some cases, the level of recruitment is lower than the level of approved level.
Pending a plan of work, an assessment of the first cycle of rapid deployment of the roster, namely, planning and recruitment phases, the practical implementation of the mechanism and the lessons learned.
Extradition and mutual assistance do not take some degree of legislation?
Subparagraph (d) and (e)
The Committee encourages the State party to discuss discussions with non-governmental organizations and other members of civil society within the country, pending its second periodic report.
The Ministry of Internal Affairs is responsible for the expulsion of Turkmenistan.
The Security Council resumed its consideration of the item at its 815th and 4816th meetings, held on 27 August 2003 in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
Decides also that, in accordance with the provisions of paragraphs 16 and 17 above, the amount of $38,000 dollars for the estimated income assessment of the financial period ended 30 June 2002 in the amount of $2,747,000 dollars in respect of the financial period ended 30 June 2002 has been reduced by Member States, as appropriate, in accordance with the above-mentioned paragraphs;
Documentation
The Security Council and the Security Council have a timely intervention on our country.
Chairman: Mr. Kikikček (Czech Republic)
It should be noted that the United States number of companies in the United States had been fully classified as a result of their own or even discriminatory measures against Arabs (whether the United States) and Muslims.
No.
The term “electronic record” has been selected to consider the meaning of its meaning.
Issue C: Whether applicable to electronic or other transactions
Article 29
The Special Rapporteur has received considerable information.
In November 2003, the President of Pakistan ordered an investigation of the murder of the murder of a young woman who had been killed by the Prime Minister.
Through this resolution, the Security Council unanimously decided to establish a strengthened inspection system aimed at achieving a comprehensive, nuclear-based disarmament process.
The Government and the Government of Myanmar are very concerned that, once the war does not lead to the humanitarian catastrophe of the people of Iraq, it is not enough to lose the brain drain of displaced persons and refugees.
It is absolutely important to stress that the international community in paragraph 14 of Security Council resolution 687 (1991) is the subject of the international community in which the Middle East is not free of weapons of mass destruction and must not be confined to Iraq.
In the national and international levels, law enforcement activities should include the content of gender bias and corruption in related professions.
The Committee, at its first main focus, focused on the composition of members of the Committee, working methods, intersessional work and reporting, and then adopted the terms of reference of the oral text.
New challenges and threats are emerging.
Mauritius reaffirms its full confidence in the United Nations, through the use of all peaceful means of peaceful means and other means of peaceful means, as well as the strengthening of the values of the Organization — to address international disputes.
In this process, we have not strengthened the verification mechanism and also strengthen our capacity to carry out its critical tasks — which is to save our world from the scourge of war.
This is whether the allegations raised at the previous meeting of the United States of America — many of the world's non-compliance with the United States's allegations — are the issues related to the concept of cooperation with Iraq?
The present report discusses how the International Decade of the United Nations and the United Nations can contribute to promoting and promoting South-South cooperation, as well as the achievement of the internationally agreed development goals, particularly those contained in the Millennium Declaration.
UNMOVIC chemical inspection team
The EU reiterates its support for the General Assembly's resolution 57/81 entitled “ Consolidation of peace in practical disarmament measures”.
(i) Operational (New York):
The Unit comprises 11 posts, three of whom were Professional and eight General Service staff.
Table 19
The Committee agreed that the implementation of office space should be the highest priority and should be promptly completed to avoid negative impact on the work of the Fund and the redesigning of the project.
The seventh session of the Committee on Investment, Technology and Related Financial Issues was decided to convene a meeting on FDI and development issues at the seventh session of the Commission (Vienna, 22-24 January 2003).
A balance between the budget and other considerations is particularly important.
Ms. Oouraa T. Ferra de Derecho de Derecho (Panama)
Concerned about the lack of capacity-effective and cost-effective equipment and mine clearance equipment, as well as the lack of effective coordination at the global level in improving technical research and development in the field of technology, while recognizing that there is a need to promote more and faster progress in this area and encourages the international, national and local technical cooperation,
The following date
The full text of the comments is available at http://www.un.org/esa/socdev/en/rights/adai.htm.
“Welcoming the continuing illegal exploitation of natural resources in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, particularly in the country, and recalling the fact that the Council has consistently condemned these activities, as it considers that it is an important element of the continuation of conflicts and reaffirmed the need to stop these activities, and to reaffirm the necessary pressure on the armed groups, traffickers and all other actors concerned,
“(a) Promotion of new and renewable sources of energy, including the implementation of the World Solar Programme 1996-2005
It is estimated that the share of the least developed countries in commodity exports has declined from 4.7 per cent in the twenty-first century and 1 per cent of the twenty-first century.
• Governing Council decision IDB.25/Dec.7 on investment technology and promotion
At its twenty-seventh session, the Council took note of the preliminary announcement of Colombia's intention to host the eleventh session of UNIDO at its eleventh session in 2005.
South-South cooperation
Another ongoing initiative is the development of the development information network, and information on the knowledge and sharing of experiences, existing professional knowledge and institutional experience.
Necessity of ending the economic, commercial and financial embargo imposed by the United States of America against Cuba
The dispute between States and issues should be resolved through peaceful dialogue and negotiations based on equality and mutual respect.
In the current international environment, such measures are contrary to the international relations and principles of international relations in the field of global trade and to increase all laws, principles and guidelines between the various countries.
All of these areas have been affected by the embargo, since there are many restrictions, such as education and culture, as the priority areas of Cuban public spending.
Despite the availability of material resources, Cuba continued to contribute to regional and international drug control through sea and air strikes.
Article 6 of the 1998 Bank Act sets out preventive measures used for the Government to limit the fundamental rights of the Government under article 13, paragraph (1) of the Constitution of Namibia, to interfere with the right of any person in article 2 of the 1977 Criminal Procedure Code to interfere with the right of any person, correspondence or communication of any person, to interfere with any premises or search any person.
The total amount of 332 claims in one part of the sixteenth instalment of the sixth instalment is converted into $2,111,284,842.
Geneva, 31 March 2003
