There is therefore a need for serious concern when laws that aim to combat terrorism provide to the enforcement agencies and the intelligence authorities of credible monitoring and investigation powers without reference to justice.
Ms. Borzi Cornacuchi (Italy), speaking on behalf of the European Union, asked how the Special Rapporteur considers its future programme of work and whether it intends to include missions.
First, there is a need to increase the representative of the Government, in particular in the security institutions, and intensify efforts for unity and national reconciliation.
All Afghan armed factions — including warlords and the Taliban — benefit from illicit drug trafficking.
A concerted effort is needed to reverse this trend contrary to the most basic principles of international humanitarian law, and that poses critical issues that are urgent.
The Committee requests the State party to provide broad dissemination of its concluding observations at all levels of society, including among State officials and members of the judiciary, and to inform him in its next periodic report of all measures taken to implement these observations.
While additional funds were provided for the programme of programmes in Africa, the resources allocated to the region in the programme budget would increase, as the idea of the high assumption.
Adoption of the report on credentials
See resolution 50/6.
During the second phase, in the context of the programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005, a P-4 post and six General Service posts will be redeployed to the website of the website, in order to strengthen the linguistic capacity of the site.
Organizational structure
A new gender analysis guide will be held in 2003.
Data statistics (see responses to the list of issues, pages 32-33) seem to show that the impact was to reduce access to unemployment benefits.
In that context, it should focus on the needs of least developed countries since the participation of those countries in global trade remains marginal and, so far, none of the World Trade Organization.
International Committee on the Indian Ocean
The crisis in Iraq continues to face our Governments.
That is why in Iraq, a priority commitment.
In response to this situation, my country believes that the draft resolution is a effective means to strengthen pressure on Iraq to comply with the relevant Security Council resolutions.
It has been trying to keep the problem.
At its 7th meeting, on 1 November 2002, the Conference, on a recommendation of the SBSTA (FCCC/CP/2002/L.4), adopted decision 10/CP.8 entitled “Development and transfer of technologies” (FCCC/CP/2002/7/Add.1).
The legislative reforms proposed, among others, require the provision of technical assistance, including the acquisition of equipment necessary to enhance security in ports and training of staff, particularly in the area of detection of travel documents.
Noting that Governments of some Territories have sought to meet the existing financial safeguards standards,
A/58/23 (Part II), chap.
When considering the organization of its work, the Sub-Commission may wish to refer to the annex to its decision 1999/114 containing the guiding principles on the implementation of the rules of procedure of the Sub-Commission on the rules of procedure of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council and other decisions and practices.
The evaluation of the education of girls in the Horn of Africa and Eastern Africa has resulted in the causes of the problem, already identified: the extent of the household's work and the financial sacrifice of girls in the family are the main social factors that prevent education with boys; and the lack of school textbooks.
Mr. Cowen (Ireland): The fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly is at the outset that we will respond to the Secretary-General's call for discussion on the future role of the United Nations.
In my view, I believe that there is still a number of actions to be made for future generations.
In this period of economic difficulties, the Government has increased over $5 million, the last year, in order to implement our strategic plan for combating HIV/AIDS.
Opinion No. 23/2001 (ISMILL)
The initial trial was made for applicants, but the Supreme Court of the United Arab Emirates subsequently reversed this judgement.
The Government claims to ensure that those persons were arrested with the opposition forces to overthrow the legal Government.
Mr. Yawowi Agboyibo, lawyer, former Parliamentary Congress, Chairman of the Committee for Action (ACC), a political party, was arrested on 3 August 2001, sentenced to a sentence of six months and imprisoned to prison in Lomé, despite its appeal.
The Working Group, in the light of this view, requests the Government to adopt the necessary measures to address the situation, in accordance with the norms and principles contained in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
It should be appropriate to meet the needs of the peoples of the Territories themselves, in appropriate appropriate formats and deadlines for their respective decolonization processes.
The settlement of this question will not be a confidence-building nature.
These historic efforts are helping to better understand the needs and aspirations of peoples under colonial domination by giving the necessary burden in a globalized economy.
Only the United Nations is acting by a legitimate mandate by its Charter and has the legal and political authority and international legitimacy to meet the greatest challenges to international peace and security.
In the meantime, the United Nations must not only pursue its tasks in Iraq, but also to extend and provide strong support to the Iraqi people.
UNDP is currently providing a position to advise for HIV/AIDS at headquarters of the Department of Peacekeeping Operations that coordinates the comprehensive strategy and initiatives aimed at facilitating work in missions.
In accordance with article 5, paragraph 3, of its functional statute, the organization, on the proposal of its general coordinator and in consultation with the Executive Board, took the de facto de facto exclusion of Ms. Good Jita, regardless of its status in the organization, for having violated the rules of procedure of the Council, disrupted the work of the Commission on Human Rights and of respect for the delegation of the United States of America.
The Movement, under article 3, shall carry out its activities through the following bodies:
See, for example, article 9 (3) of the Act on the National Human Rights Commission.
While the view of some members of the Working Group, this provision should not necessarily be included in the insolvency law and could be left to the international law, it was observed that it was closely linked to recommendation 70 and should, for reasons of clarity and legal security, be included in the insolvency law.
After discussion, the proposal to delete the second sentence of the recommendation has been received.
Institutional framework (A/CN.9/WG.V/WP.63/Add.
Nicaragua is also a party to numerous international treaties in corruption, including the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime, the Central American Convention for the Prevention and Punishment of the Crimes of Money Laundering related to the Illicit Traffic in Narcotic Drugs and Related Matters, and the Inter-American Convention on Mutual Assistance in Criminal Matters.
Recommendation No. 32
The idea of establishing the United Nations system of a school of a school-based institution that had been necessary to improve the coherence and effectiveness of the international civil service.
(c) The question of whether it is or not desirable, taking into account the nature of the activity, to grant exclusive rights;
In a case as in the other, the position of the power of the market cannot be considered automatically.
However, the United Nations trade portfolio of the United Nations includes low-value-added products, which are little in the world.
Financial Regulations and Rules of the United Nations (ST/SGB/L Rules/Rev.2/Amend.2), 12 February 1980
In 2002, the Executive Board reviewed the structure and composition of the Secretariat, which has been weak.
In not part of the documents of the Panel's session, these three documents will not be not all loans for the session, but they can be consulted on the UNCTAD website, as all other documents requested by the Group.
Future sessions 45 20
The three options are not mutually exclusive.
However, when they are present, the Republic of Haiti has to take action.
This system has proved its effectiveness in the most visible part, namely the electronic presentation of the documents in the right.
Adopted by the General Assembly at its 2nd plenary meeting, on 19 September 2003
Scale of assessments for the apportionment of the expenses of the United Nations.
The resolution also refers to the principle of referral by the Statute of the Rome Statute of the Court of the Court, the Court of the Court and the Council, which is entitled to consider in the first instance the individual criminal cases concerning officials or staff present or from a State not party to the Rome Statute on acts or omissions of the United Nations.
It is also the reasoning that the Secretary-General followed before the adoption of resolution 1422 (2002).
In particular, the International Criminal Court, including 90 States are at the date, has become a reality, taking into account the election, this year, its 18 judges and his Prosecutor and the appointment of the Registrar.
Although the Declaration of Action has been signed by all factions participating in the Conference and in the presence of neighbouring countries, those factions have continued to combat and import weapons.
The first transfer of arms and ammunition from the Government of Ethiopia was identified was Ali Mahdi.
According to the British Customs officials in Nairobi and London, heroin is introduced in Somalia by ships from the South South and West Asia.
Singapore
The political turmoil that marked its first year to the power of the country have been completely devastated by the country.
The legislation in Myanmar covers all aspects of the problem of trafficking.
States must overcome their differences and establish a system of protection to ensure that United Nations staff and associated personnel can carry out their security missions.
Although it had commenced its work under two years, it has already achieved tangible results.
The Friends considered that subsidies to fisheries undermine the environment and cause the depletion of marine resources.
Preparations for the Eleventh United Nations Congress on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice
It has also been used as a framework for the development of a common language of United Nations staff on conflict prevention, through interaction and exchange of experience.
The consulting actuary has also been responsible for proposing other methods of financing for post-retirement liabilities.
The contracts of management services between UNDP and various donors have been executed by the Office of Field Services (UNOPS).
Table 7
Table 8 provides a summary of the accounts of the reserve for the field and housing offices.
However, the figures of the Supreme Court for 1995 showed that two of the 16 accused for the culture of former husbands were women.
The Church is probably the most influential institution in the society of Samoa.
In practice, the police has been used as a female police officer, when a victim of violence in homes or sexual abuse was considered.
The Caribbean Agency is headed by a lawyer and its staff composed of another legal officer.
The teenage pregnancy of girls still remain a special feature in the rural areas, and there are generally concerted efforts to marry the girl as soon as possible to fear that the situation would not lead to the punishment of the family involved in the village of the village, usually of the girl.
Non-governmental organizations
No effort must be made to resume without delay this process while preserving any price of the current standard.
This legislation has many importance for Armenia, as it creates an appropriate legal framework for further development of the export control system in the country, one of the key elements of the non-proliferation regime.
More than ever, peace, security and balance represent a particularly important issue for our time and an imperative imperative in building a world guaranteeing the development of nations in universal harmony.
In this regard, we welcome the invitation of Belgrade to the Mission to join in the search for a solution to issues related to the opening of two new border crossings in the Kosovo party on the border of Serbia and Montenegro and Macedonia.
Accordingly, the United Kingdom fully supports the policy “the standards prior to status”.
I join members of the Council to thank Mr. Annabi for his briefing and information that we have provided.
India will provide additional information on its comments and will also participate in discussions to address the problems raised.
Draft report of the Commission
At its 26th meeting, on 14 February 2003, the Committee re-elected Mr. Papa Louis Fall (Senegal) Chairman, Mr. Bruno Rodríguez Parrio (Cuba) and Ravan A. Farhââ (Afghanistan) Vice-Chairmen and Mr. Walter Balzan (Malta)
It was particularly important to continue to modernize the technical components of the system in order to ensure the continuing presence of the Internet, including through the “Question of Palestine” of the United Nations on the United Nations United Nations page on “Peace and security”, and to expand its collection in addition to both new and old documents.
Introduction of draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.2
1.15-2.30 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room B
4845th meeting Threats to international peace and security caused by terrorist acts
But before giving the floor, I would like to make some introductory remarks at the time that Japan took the Chair of the Conference.
The Committee on Development Policy would consider the item at its next meeting, in September 2003.
The Committee was informed that the Secretary-General will address this issue in a report to be submitted to the General Assembly.
Ms. Gabr would like to know more on the vision of France for the future with regard to special measures.
It covers the recent period since the submission of the first report of ISAF III, and also provides the final assessment of the efforts of ISAF III prior to the command of ISAF.
Comment.
(iii) The decision by the Secretary-General on this recommendation is not possible.
(6) The idea of which the unilateral act is based in principle of a single State seems, in fact, prima facie evidence.
Mr. Raytoche (Bulgaria): As previous speakers, I would like to begin by thanking the United States and British delegations for their very comprehensive briefings on the situation in Iraq.
That is why the fight against desertification and mitigation of drought through sustainable development policies represent a major challenge at the global level.
Socio-economic aspects are complex and difficult to identify.
The programme has completed the authentication of nuclear warheads and their components.
Facts and contentions
28F.21 It is expected that the objectives and expected accomplishments will be achieved if the Secretariat's services at the United Nations Office at Vienna provide support to the efforts of the Human Resources Management Section and cooperate fully to the implementation of human resources management reform.
We support the idea of promoting, under the auspices of the United Nations, a comprehensive drug control strategy based on close cooperation between interested parties and the Afghan Interim Administration.
Coordination mechanisms between the Guatemalan authorities and the Mexican authorities were defined in the border security plan between Mexico and Guatemala.
The countries of this region were to explore all the implications of such a establishment.
Ms. Mammadova (Azerbaijan), noting the fact that Armenia claims to implement all the provisions of the relevant Security Council resolutions, request what it is the main requirement of the Council on the immediate withdrawal and without due regard to the Armenian armed forces of the territory of the Territory.
Promotion of multilateralism in the field of disarmament and non-proliferation
Finally, I have urged parties to respect human rights and international humanitarian law and to cooperate in the immediate and unhindered implementation of the Pretoria Agreement.
Economic and environmental questions
The briefing of information, organized by the Task Group on Information and Communication Technologies, will be held on Monday, 3 November 2003, at 10 a.m. in the Economic and Social Council Chamber.
Security Council Daily informal briefings
The commitment of the Kosovo's self-Government authorities is crucial to breaking the power of such crime and is one of the concrete results that we are trying to fulfil their ability to carry out their duties.
If the situation is changing to return to peace, UNRWA will meet the requirements of the transition of a conflict in a phase of recovery and development, and will initiate a special request for the implementation of the peace and development programme for the signing of the Oslo Accords.
(ii) An decrease of $30,000 expenditures for maintenance of premises, resulting from the non-payment of the budget for 2002-2003;
99 Aliing the health policy and the provision of services to the host authorities in order to optimize the use of resources and avoid duplication of work and conflict-specific situations.
Preventing and combating diseases
1.14.1 The rate of use of computers and information of the work of the Office.
Table 15
Improving the status of women in rural areas
- To keep the word “technical” after the word “Support” at the first line and insert the word “and” after the word “technical” to read as follows: “technical and effective”.
(d) To ensure that the different institutional institutions are taking due account of the values of public service, in particular for the management of behaviour, management of resources, transparency, evaluation, accountability and commitment to public services.
Decides to improve the implementation of the measures imposed in paragraph 4 (b) of resolution 1267 (1999), paragraph 8 (c) of resolution 1333 (2000), and paragraphs 1 and 2 of resolution 1390 (2004);
A positive initiative for indigenous people should be based on two principles.
We are, and we are now trying to bring Côte d'Ivoire to work and to resume our activities, as well as in the past, and in concert with all neighbouring countries in the subregion.
It would be an attempt of accountability that could significantly improve the credibility of the United Nations.
The Export Authority is invited, prior to validation a certificate, to demand the exporter that it makes a statement that rough diamonds are not diamonds of blood.
The other progress made are:
(c) To consider how the recommendation of the United Nations Board of Auditors to ensure that the Registrar is to reduce the costs in which they reside in the seat of the seat of the Tribunal may be followed, in connection with the international character of the Tribunal, and to make recommendations thereon;
The Office of the Prosecutor should address the issue of the late submission of evidence.
According to the Under-Secretary-General, the peace process and the programme of collecting weapons had caused delays and the arms destruction process.
It was also stated that the distinction between contractual and real aspects in this regard was fundamental and could not be ignored.
In accordance with the decision taken by the Committee at its first session, a pre-session working group met in Geneva from 3 to 7 February 2003.
Respect for the views of the child
(f) To devote more resources, financial and human rights, specialized education, including vocational training and assistance to families of children with disabilities;
(a) To develop a set of measures to address the implementation of the provisions of the Convention and parents (including initiatives to reach those who are illiterate or did not receive school education), civil society and all sectors and levels of the Government, including the Kafryyya;
(d) The challenges faced with regard to raising awareness of their responsibilities.
In the light of article 25 of the Convention, the Committee suggests that the State party establish effective mechanisms for periodic consideration of the treatment of the child and any other circumstances on their placement.
It was therefore possible to know how approaches to strengthen and improve the elements of the enjoyment of human rights and its control relating to persons with disabilities.
On 19 September 2003, the Prime Minister of Ethiopia addressed to the Secretary-General, Mr. Kofi Annan, a letter that refers to the decision as “legal, unjust and irresponsible”, and rejecting the demarcation process.
DISD OF THE SDRD OF THE SDRD OF THE SDRD OF THE DDRD OF THE CODE TO 1990
Figure 10.
United Nations reform as such, should not be our ultimate goal.
The most recent statistics established by the Electoral Assistance Division confirmed the observations made in previous reports (A/54/491 and A/56/344), according to which the technical assistance provided by the United Nations system remained the most commonly established form.
I hope that you will like to extend the following aide-memoire as a tool to highlight the development of the development priorities and that it would be useful to the Security Council in its efforts to ensure that the needs and rights of civilians in the relevant resolutions and mandates of the Security Council.
In this regard, I would like to cite the very important Council resolution 1502 (2003) submitted by Mexico and adopted by the Council during the presidency of the Council in August, on the protection of United Nations personnel, associated personnel and humanitarian personnel in conflict areas.
Civil populations must not be taken hostage by factions in war to deny access to humanitarian assistance.
The Board's recommendations are verified by the secretariat of the Fund to comply with the relevant United Nations rules and submitted to the High Commissioner for approval on behalf of the Secretary-General.
Reaffirms the importance of the decision taken in the context of the fourth session of the Ministerial Conference of the World Trade Organization on consideration, through the Council on the Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights, which affect trade, the links between the Agreement on the Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights and the Convention on Biological Diversity, as well as the protection of traditional knowledge;
Emphasizing the importance of the Special Court for Sierra Leone and the Truth and Reconciliation Commission to take effective measures with regard to the issues of impunity and accountability and promote reconciliation,
The Security Council has repeatedly stressed the importance of the success of this process.
At the invitation of the President, Mr. Farhâââ (Afghanistan) took a seat at the Council table; Mr. Girls (Colombia), Mr. Vassilakis (Greece), Mr. Gopanan (India), Mr. Abifo (Islamic Republic of Iran), Mr. Haraguchi (Japan), Mr. Kazykhan (India), Mr. Aliov (Islamic Republic of Iran), Mr. Haragy (Japan), Mr. Kazykhov (Republic of Korea), Mr. Alhirov (New Zealand), Mr. Kuchy (Ukraine) and Mr. Khirov (Ukraine) took the seats reserved for them.
I would like to stress on three points related to the drug situation in Afghanistan.
In particular, I would like to thank the Government of the United Kingdom for the generous and continuing contribution to the fight against narcotic drugs.
States cannot act in isolation to this problem.
(d) Effective risk management systems and internal control; and
States Parties shall endeavour, subject to their domestic law, to accelerate the extradition procedures and to simplify the evidentiary requirements relating to offences that apply to the present article.
(i) Identity and activities of persons suspected of involvement in such offences, where they are or where the other persons concerned;
The preparatory work would indicate that this article is not intended to require the prosecution of minor offences.
The requested State Party should consider withdrawing a final judgement in cases where this judgement cannot be obtained by the author of the offence of death, theft or absence or other appropriate cases.
At the end of 2001, the Office of Internal Audit adopted a guideline prepared with the support of the Office of the Financing for Programme Services, which was related to the systematic review of the country offices' control mechanisms, the management of other contributions to resources and reporting on the use of funds.
Each centre organizes three to five training courses per year, in collaboration with national authorities, various United Nations agencies and programmes (including UN-Habitat, UNDP, UNEP, the United Nations Joint Programme on HIV/AIDS, the World Bank Institute and the International Conference of the World's Cities, the National Community for Human Settlements and the International Community of the World and Local Authorities, the Regional Community of the World and Local Authorities, the Regional Centre of Local Authorities and the International Community of Local Authorities,
For further information, please contact Ms. Maud Graham (room DC1-603; tel.
I would also like to say that the principle of self-determination has been maintained as a basis for negotiations.
(f) The status of programmes of destruction of anti-personnel mines referred to in articles 4 and 5, including information on methods that will be used for destruction, location of all places of destruction and standards relating to security and protection of the environment.”
The Internet is the following: http://disarmament.un.org/MinBan.ns.
Informal “informal” consultations on draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.18 entitled “External debt relief and development” (item 91 (e)) (organized by the Permanent Mission of Guatemala)
Between September 2000 to April 2003, at least 1273 Palestinians have seen their homes by the Israeli military forces who had invaded cities with the support of tanks, armoured personnel and helicopters and destroyed houses in explosives while they are still still.
The cooperation of Member States is therefore essential in that regard.
On this point, I shall not be able to do so in details.
Madam President, I thank you for convening this meeting, I also thank Ambassador Muñoz, Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1267 (1999), for his very comprehensive report and its concrete proposals to improve the work of the Committee.
We welcome the report of the Monitoring Group established pursuant to Security Council resolution 1455 (2003) and stresses the threat of Al-Qaida.
Finally, he said that it will ensure that the Secretariat take into account the concerns expressed by the representative of Spain concerning the transmission of information on the financial situation of INSTRAW.
Provisional agenda for the 4776th meeting of the Security Council
Action on draft resolutions A/C.2/58/L.7/Rev.1 (programme budget implications: A/C.2/58/L.43), A/C.2/58/L.15 and A/C.2/58/L.60
Signature: Poland (10 December 2003)
A/C.5/58/27 Item 121 -- Proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 -- Financial and financial implications of the proposals contained in the report of the Standing Committee of the United Nations Joint Staff Pension Board -- Report of the Secretary-General [A C E F R S]
Many countries have given examples of other producers of official statistics, which develop and publish statistics in their own area of activity.
Nairobi, 5-9 May 2003
It remains firmly committed to fulfilling its obligations under the Treaty and agreements reached at the 1995 Review Conferences and 2000 and calls for full and complete implementation of the 13 practical measures agreed at the 2000 Conference.
ICRC and other organizations often use radio and television to inform civilians in the presence and dangers of explosive remnants of war immediately after cessation of hostilities, where civilian casualties are often high.
Chairperson's summary
May I take it that the Assembly wishes to do likewise?
None.
[Subsequently, the delegation of the Lao People's Democratic Republic informed the Secretariat that it intended to abstain.
Reaffirming the importance of ensuring universality, objectivity and non-selectivity of human rights issues, as affirmed in the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action adopted on 25 June 1993 by the World Conference on Human Rights,
The regrettable incident of Dayin, on 30 May 2003, had influenced numerous findings of the interim report of the Special Rapporteur (A/58/219).
Clearly, the completion of the peace process will enable the parties to address humanitarian issues arising from the emergency situation caused by prolonged drought and the effects of a conflict.
Nepal urges the High Commissioner to consider this issue in more depth.
CONTENTS (continued)
Article 11
Article 3
When the discussions are limited and that a member or one representative exceeds the time for which he was granted, the President recalls immediately.
(a) To suspend the meeting;
Rule 87
Article 98
Provisional agenda for regular sessions
Reports, official decisions and other official documents of the Committee and its subsidiary bodies relating to articles 20, 21 and 22 of the Convention are circulated by the Secretariat to all members of the Committee and States parties and, according to the Committee's decision, members of its subsidiary bodies and other interested recipients.
The States parties to the Committee, through the Secretary-General, reports on the measures they have taken to implement their commitments under this Convention, within one year of the entry into force of the Convention to the State party concerned.
In the exercise of their mandate, the rapporteurs may, with the agreement of the Committee, shall carry out the visits to the State party concerned.
In the exercise of his functions, the President remains under the authority of the Committee.
Rule 71
The acts of violence in the area of Mambasa-Komanda have been committed during three periods:
On 12 October, IDF soldiers entered into the house of the witness in Mambasa.
All persons who have been told that there has been many cases of rape of girls, including some of the age of 10 years.
It was based on the report of the Team that a new trial was opened against 27 suspects of the entry forces.
Global security crisis
Once the designation established, this entity is subject to a set of sanctions under the law on the suppression of terrorism.
A working group of experts, composed of representatives of various countries and organizations of the Pacific and assisted by two editors (South and Australia), drafted the model provisions.
Procedures for consideration of re-qualification of mechanisms
Their role should be clarified and the powers and responsibilities that they are best identified.
Of the 42.8 million to fund expenditures for the period ended 30 June 2002, only 28.4 million, 66 per cent of the total, had been disbursed at the end of the period.
OIOS recommended the Office to establish appropriate mechanisms to address the number of nominations received through the Galaxy system, to promote mobility by ensuring the improvement of conditions of service in different duty stations and streamlining administrative procedures; to ensure that the e-mail is linked to a specific standard-based system and to ensure that the necessary resources are provided to the development and management of their clients.
The Advisory Committee further recommended that the Board of Auditors undertake an assessment of the capacity and expertise necessary for OIOS to ensure the internal audit of the financial and budgetary activities of the Fund, according to the generally accepted standards for the internal audit of pension funds, and to report on this assessment at its next budget on the biennium 2002-2003.
(b) Survey on the misuse of a computer office
Financial institutions are required to regularly notify any suspicious commercial transactions and monitor all irregular reservations.
Having considered the report with the assistance of its experts, the Counter-Terrorism Committee wrote to the Permanent Representative of Guinea to the United Nations for its preliminary observations.
This offence is committed by any person who organizes or facilitated the entry into force on the national territory of a person who knew, or there is good reasons that it is a clandestine phenomenon or intends to seek asylum.
The number of women in positions of official representatives at the national and local levels, as well as the participation of women in previous tables.
- Establishment of formal committees in institutions to assess the situation of academic women and to report.
13.3 The Government is committed to providing an additional pension pension, as well as possible as possible as possible as possible and is aware of the fact that persons who are forced to carry out family responsibilities may be disadvantaged.
Chapter 8 of the Charter highlights the provisions of the Domestic Violence Act, 1996 (Law of Domestic Violence in the Family) which, inter alia, in the form of prohibition and judgements of protection, and provides a large number of powers in domestic violence.
The next revision of the Charter would give particular attention to the possibility of refusing refusal to use information services.
Stressing that the elimination of apartheid, all forms of racism, racial discrimination, colonialism, of New Caledonia, aggression, occupation and foreign domination and interference in the internal affairs of States is essential for the full enjoyment of women and women of their rights,
Article 12
States parties recognize and women the same rights in relation to the law on the right of persons to freedom and choose their residence and their homes.
Workshops
It could also request the Working Group to cooperate closely with Working Group IV (Electronic Commerce) on the aspects of the procurement laws that relate to electronic commerce.
- Application of information under article 44 (1) of the law on banking institutions in relation to the terrorist attacks of 11 September 2001 against institutions to the United States (Rapchchen_15_2001)
At its 30th meeting, on 23 December 2003, the Committee decided, without a vote, to recommend to the General Assembly:
While these events have little impact in GDP growth in the region, the uncertainty that they have created in most scholarships in the region, where the general trend in 2002 was declining with some minor cases.
These plans include improvements in the improvement, establishment of early warning systems and the establishment of regular communications between areas and disaster-prone communities and authorities.
UNESCO, ICUS and a number of organizations affiliated with the latter will encourage the conservation of biodiversity activities in which remote sensing and GIS will be a whole.
The various issues were discussed in thematic discussions and draft resolutions were submitted and considered at the 11th to 15th meeting, from 20 to 24 October (see A/C.1/58/PV.11 and 15).
Noting with appreciation the jurisprudence of the European Court of Human Rights, the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights and the African Commission on Human Rights and Peoples, on the prohibition of forced evictions,
Welcomes the appreciation of the Representative of the Secretary-General to appeal to the Guiding Principles on the Displacement of their own countries in its dialogue with Governments and with intergovernmental organizations and non-governmental organizations and with other relevant actors, and requests its efforts to contribute to the dissemination, promotion and implementation of the Guiding Principles;
In November, UNMIL focused on preparing its deployment in the interior of the country.
The remuneration of two other judges shall be provided in the budget budget of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda.
Trial Section 1
Elections will be held, including presidential, legislative and municipal elections.
See communication No. 167/1984, Chief Oayayak and the Lake Ramon v. Canada, Views adopted on 26 March 1990, Official Records of the General Assembly, Forty-fifth Session, Supplement No. 40 (A/45/40), vol. II, annex IX, para.
Bangladesh is largely part of the criminal and criminal proceedings established in the United Kingdom system.
It has published and disseminated throughout the ESCWA countries to reflect the procedure to monitor and the need for registration of births and marriages in order to raise public awareness and to obtain active cooperation.
Response to recommendation 46: Development plans, the Government has followed a gender perspective.
Encourages the Secretary-General, through the Electoral Assistance Division, to continue to take into account the developments in the nature of requests for assistance, as well as the increasing need for some types of voluntary assistance to support and strengthen capacity-building, in particular the capacity of national institutions;
Ms. Morv asked whether the minimum age of marriage is the same for men and women and it is at least 18 years.
UNDP intends to provide greater support to the national reconciliation process, the restoration of social cohesion and economic and social recovery.
Nigeria agreed with the views expressed by the Secretary-General in paragraph 49 of its report on globalization and its impact on the full enjoyment of human rights (A/58/257); it also stresses that globalization did not adequately reflect the human component, the interdependence of savings does not reflect the right to employment.
His country continues to strive to improve cooperation with the International Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia.
Article 48: Cooperation between national authorities
For the text as adopted, see chapter II, section A, resolution 2003/24.
At the close date of the sixty-third session of the Committee, 43 of 16 States parties to the Convention had made the declaration in accordance with article 14 of this instrument.
Review of reports submitted by the States Parties
However, the periodic report is particularly concerned of measures adopted to ensure the realization of cultural rights in the districts where traditionally concentrated in ethnic and Macedonian-based minorities.
They claims that there was a violation by Denmark of article 2, paragraph 1, and articles 4 and 6 of the Convention.
The complainant claims, in support of this assertion, as a decision of the High Court of the Eastern region, dated 5 February 1999, a incident of racial discrimination is not in itself a violation of the honour and reputation of a person under article 26 of the Civil Liability Act.
“Globalization,
In accordance with the understanding reached in the Council's prior consultations, the President, with the consent of the Council, extended an invitation under rule 39 of the Council's provisional rules of procedure to Mr. Jean-Marie Guéhenno-General for Peacekeeping Operations, and Mr. Peter Piot, Executive Director of the United Nations Joint Programme on HIV/AIDS.
Monday, 17 November 2003
Item 63 (b) of the provisional agenda*
Instrument for standardized international reporting of military expenditures
Switzerland
The Committee recommends that the report be submitted to the future in the context of the proposed programme budget.
A description of the general and summary of activity will be provided in section B.3.1, with information on example, the effects of GHG, as well as the type of technology (e.g. a dynamic, production).
Environmental, economic and sociocultural impacts
The Chairman announced that Costa Rica joined a sponsor of draft resolution A/C.3/57/L.56/Rev.1.
Against:
12 above) would make a significant deal to this problem.
Developing countries should be available to developing countries in the form of additional and additional financial resources, transfer of technology and capacity-building.
Participants at the Third World Water Forum, which was held in Japan, have developed a plan of action to identify a number of projects around the world and to establish a network of websites to accelerate water activities.
(See the annex to the present document a breakdown of expenditures related to these activities.
24.6.1 The amount of $2,995,200 (increase: $185,700) will be required to finance: (a) the maintenance of 10 posts (14 Professional posts, 6 General Service (Other level); and (b) costs related to the impact of two posts (1 P-4 and 1 P-3) for the biennium 2002-2003; and (c) the costs for the functioning of the Office of the High Commissioner.
Noting also the central role of the United Nations system, as well as its capacity and experience in the coordination of assistance in conflict-conflict situations and post-conflict situations, among others on the protection and respect of human rights,
Resource requirements (before recosting): $45.8 million
The following:
On 21 March 2003, the Working Group resumed its work and adopted, at its 15th meeting, the final recommendations without a vote.
Article 103 provides that the elections shall be held by secret ballot, unless the Commission decides otherwise, in the case of a election to a post not only for one candidate.
(ii) One representative of a Asian State;
(c) Strengthening international cooperation and coordination of efforts to study and mitigate the impact of the Chernobyl disaster
At its fifty-sixth session, the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to submit to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session a report on the status and implementation of the Agreement for the purposes of the implementation of the provisions of the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea on 10 December 1982 on the conservation and management of straddling stocks and stocks of migratory fish stocks, and on the impact of the United Nations Convention on the Protection and Development of Straddling Fish Stocks (resolution 56/13).
At its fifty-fifth session, the General Assembly adopted the Millennium Declaration (resolution 55/2) and, under agenda items “Strengthening the United Nations system” and “Revitalization of the work of the General Assembly”, decided to consider the item biennially at its fifty-sixth session (resolution 55/285).
Comprehensive review of the whole question of peacekeeping operations in all their aspects
Global Solidarity Fund
Promoting the employment of young people
At its fifty-seventh session, the General Assembly took note of the new progress made in the efforts of the United Nations system for children affected by armed conflict and requested the Secretary-General to undertake the overall assessment of the scope and effectiveness of the measures taken by the United Nations system, including recommendations to strengthen, inter alia, to integrate and continue the Special Representative of the Secretary-General on the situation of children affected by armed conflict and to submit information on the situation of children affected by armed conflict, in accordance with the relevant mandates and reports of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General for Children and Armed Conflict (resolution 57/190, sect.
** Term of office expires on 31 December 2005.
We therefore urge the international community to increase its contributions to the Fund.
That is why the responsibility of the results and relevance of the General Assembly and other United Nations bodies are the responsibility of Member States to do so, as well as those who are in the position of deciding to undermine the work we are all to do so.
The Millennium Declaration, as well as the Monterrey Conference on Financing for Development and the Johannesburg Summit on Sustainable Development, have brought many hope in the international community, particularly with developing countries to see a stable, just and inclusive socio-economic order.
This goal cannot be achieved through a multilateral and comprehensive approach and through the development of effective strategies that will allow us to release the world of nuclear weapons.
- Organizing sport in different types of national sports, support to schools, sections and sports sports for children and young people and sports delivery.
The outreach programme for Latin America and the Caribbean, which responds to the needs of poor poor communities, continued to focus on the development of innovative tools for information and education and building partnerships.
It is chaired by the Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs and the Director of the Strategy of the Strategy as Secretary-General.
The barriers that limit access to markets, including increases and inflation of tariffs restricting exports of developing countries.
On 3 May 2000, the Economic and Social Council elected the Committee for a period of three years, beginning from 1 January 2001, from the representatives of Burundi, Cape Verde, Kyrgyzstan, Lesotho, the Netherlands and Moldova.
Please indicate the legal basis, with a brief description of laws, regulations and/or procedures, which allows, in your country, control the transfer of such funds or assets to individuals and entities, including:
It is also necessary that the Council strengthens the political framework of the peace process — in a word that will lead to the momentum in the peace process that has a good progress, as I have at the moment, but that they need to be released.
We believe that it is important for anyone to become more urgent.
We appreciate the recent establishment of a Ad Hoc Advisory Group on Guinea-Bissau in the Economic and Social Council, which Brazil is participating.
It will be recalled that the Security Council meeting dated 22 October 2002 on strengthening cooperation between the United Nations system and the Central African region for the maintenance of peace and security, which culminated in the presidential statement of 31 October 2002 (S/PRST/2002/31).
]
(Signed) Carol Bellamy
Item 119 (c) of the preliminary list*
Mr. Powell recalled that “The Council has caused Iraq's responsibility to fulfil its obligations and to disarm, not on the inspectors to find that Iraq had sought to hide for a long time.
It is normal that there is a multitude of information related to the organization and the administration of these sites and did not have any link or with the mandate of inspection teams or with weapons of mass destruction.
I invite Mr. Sharma to take a seat at the Council table.
The uneven situation in relation to those who could be provided, in view of the lack of expertise that the Timorese society inherited, is another constraint.
The majority of al-Timor continue to practise agriculture with productive production.
While our bilateral relations are at all levels, we urge the international community, as well as the United Nations to provide their support to this process.
First, many comments were made on the judicial system.
The President of the Appeals Court should therefore be sworn in the course of the week.
(b) The database on projects are divided into two sections — United Nations projects and projects carried out by non-governmental organizations, regional organizations or Governments; it contains descriptions of projects and indicate the financing needs;
(e) 1.17 the term “party party” means a person other than the carrier that shall be protected (or committed to fulfil] [or shall not comply with any or party” of any of the carrier's obligations under a contract of carriage for the transport, handling or storage of the goods, in the absence of any of the carrier's obligations under the contract of carriage, the possession, custody or storage of the goods, regardless of whether it is a party to the contract of carriage; or
The definition was amended in accordance with that suggestion.
The Working Group may wish to consider the possibility of adding a paragraph 1 bis to variant C, which would read as follows: “71 bis.
On the other hand, it is interesting to note that, although politically sensitive, this measure is implemented by more than one third of Member States, including some low-income countries, to limit the spread of HIV through the exchange of contaminated areas.
Most of the information systems of the police that are operating in accordance with the Convention on the Implementation of the Schengen Agreement are working as a national database accessible by the Internet and are fully operational, in the testing phase.
Thirdly, we must mobilize all our forces at the same time.
Haiti was one of the first countries to sign a loan agreement with the Global Fund.
The National AIDS Council has established mechanisms through a decentralized system to assist those infected and affected.
Like most countries in the region, Zimbabwe depended mainly on donor support for its programmes on HIV/AIDS, but that support has declined since 1999.
Consequently, the President of the Republic enacted a law which sets out the responsibility of the Government of Chile in the area of HIV prevention and the aim of promoting the prevention and non-discrimination against people living with the disease.
Venezuela has benefited over the past few years, development of cooperation with UNIDO in areas such as the fight against mercury pollution, development of agro-industries and industry, promoting investment, exports and technology.
The practical implementation of projects under this general framework requires an effort to mobilize the necessary resources.
Situation of human rights in the occupied territories
The Working Group supported this recommendation and recommended that the financial implications of $447,766 euros are included in the programme budget for 2004 under the programme 4 of the Assembly of States Parties.
Adoption of the agenda
Sustainable development and international economic cooperation: international migration and development
Urges States to ensure that any person brought to a court or a court under their jurisdiction under the right to be present in his trials and to defend itself or to have the assistance of a lawyer of his choice;
In 2001, a Ministry for Gender Equality, which continues to change, was the day.
In view of the contribution of women in the economic and social sector, it is necessary to adopt policies to address the social, economic and cultural problems that are facing them.
The International Organization for Migration (IMO) has made the fight against trafficking within its priorities and work with various United Nations bodies and agencies.
Pakistan welcomes the progress already made in this regard and calls on implementation, in this regard, procedures relating to the basic standards of radiation of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), in the context of these principles.
Mr. Tan (Singapore) expressed disappointment about the results of the recent Ministerial Conference of the World Trade Organization (WTO) held in Cancun, and regrets the absence of agreement on the decline in tariffs and agricultural subsidies, which would have an increase of US$ 500 billion for the rich and poor countries and contributed to poverty in poverty.
Failure to address, the injustice of economic globalization will lead to the problems of the third world on the first, poverty and poverty, terrorism and disease.
The Libyan Arab Jamahiriya has been proposed to overcome the problems that hinder development, both in rural and rural areas and in the desert, but its task is complicated by the presence of mines in its territory.
The tragic plight of the Aral Sea is one of the problems that arise.
Mr. Bue (Philippines) said that the full support of the General Assembly in the Durban Declaration and Programme of Action is a landmark step towards the elimination of racial discrimination.
The Philippines therefore hoped that the international protection of migrant workers, particularly migrant workers, are most vulnerable to discrimination.
In order to provide an equitable and rational means of what may be reasonably presumed in relation to a description of the goods provided by the shipper, it should be revised as proposed in paragraphs 153 and 154 of the commentary.
They often rely on the assistance of relevant services in other countries.
The General Assembly,
Travel and subsistence allowance for activities outside the Organization
(Education)
Rule 207.18
(iv) When this educational institution is too too expensive so that there can be a daily visit, in the region where the staff is in post and that, in the opinion of the Secretary-General, there is no in this area of school that should be provided to the child, the amount of compensation is calculated as specified in subparagraphs (i) or (ii) above.
The delegation of the United States cannot support the proposal for consolidation of peacekeeping operations, which is incompatible with the Financial Regulations and Rules of Financial Operations and to reduce the control that the General Assembly can exercise each mission.
She would like to note that the Secretariat indicates that it had been deployed to recruit local staff from the General Service General Service, in accordance with relevant resolutions.
Tuesday, 15 April 2003
FAO has, in total, participated in 66 projects related to HFCs in 35 countries.
Group 1
(d) It is important to ensure the implementation of the projects of the project, as well as the possible possible outcome of them, etc., and to disseminate lessons learned from these experiences.
Contents
Decides that, in accordance with the provisions of General Assembly resolution 973 (X) of 15 December 1955, it will be deducted from the amounts to be prorated among Member States in accordance with paragraphs 26 and 27 above of 15 December 1955, as follows:
During the reporting period, a new Government has been installed in Afghanistan, with the assistance of the international community.
The elimination of these obstacles is the case of all and is expected to be more active by the international community.
This expansion of the work programme makes difficult difficulties for coordination of UNCITRAL with parallel initiatives of various organizations in areas such as electronic commerce, settlement of disputes, insolvency, law law, security rights and private finance.
Sixth Committee
It supported the continuation of work on the two projects of anti-terrorist conventions, which should be completed expeditiously.
The following:
Follow-up to the implementation of this resolution must be achieved in an atmosphere of transparency, integrity and confidence.
Recalling paragraph 10 of its resolution 56/293 of 27 June 2002,
The Committee welcomes the second periodic report of Venezuela, which would have to be submitted in August 1996, was received in September 2000 and updated in September 2002.
(e) To adopt measures to improve the conditions of detention in correctional institutions and to avoid violence between women who are responsible for the use of violence against detainees.
2.4 At the same time, the police station Ljubo Radovic was in the area of Bozova Glaica to say its Roma population that they need to take place.
The positive obligations arising from the first sentence of article 16 of the Convention include the obligation to grant compensation and compensation for victims of an act in this provision.
4.6 The State party also notes that at any time the complainant's proceedings has provided details of the torture that he had suffered.
He claims that his claims against Sri Lanka would be a violation by the Netherlands of article 3 of the Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment.
The Committee has ascertained, as it is in accordance with article 22, paragraph 5, of the Convention, that the same question has not been examined and is not under consideration to another international or settlement body.
2.2 On his arrest, the Spanish authorities requested first first time, but that request was then withdrawn because of a mistake on the person.
(b) The contentious statement should be an essential element of the indictment against the author of the communication;
5.4 In relation to the elements to support the allegations that Mr. Azurnidi had made his statements under torture, the complainant refers to a report of the Panel on the period specified in which the contentious declarations have taken place and that:
The complainant of the complainant is the rest of the mother's mother's mother.
1.3 By a note verbale dated 8 November 2002, the State party submitted its observations on admissibility and merits of the complaint; it also requested the Committee to withdraw its request for interim measures, in accordance with rule 108, paragraph 7, of its rules of procedure.
With regard to extradition of Spain, the Federal Office of Justice had accepted the evidence of evidence by torture.
(b) Further precision on these problems.
a Country of countries replying: 65.
In the meantime, it would be premature for too too little in this area as a result of the risk of contradictions and inconsistencies with the various international private law regimes.
The meeting rose at 4 p.m.
The framework for the maintenance of peace and settlement of the conflict in Abkhazia, Georgia would justify this change.
Observer status for the Community of East Africa (A/58/23 and A/C.6/58/L.3)
3737th meeting The situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina
The Statistics Division is working closely with UNDP in the areas: compilation and analysis of indicators, respect for definitions and agreed standards and needs.
The first research research has already yielded strong results and resulted in specific research and development proposals.
i.
Stresses the essential role that political and political policies and political parties can play in the strengthening of democracy in combating racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance, and encourages political parties to take concrete measures to promote solidarity, tolerance and respect;
E/CN.4/2001.11/Add.4
The relevance of such a activity is in line with the national objectives or is within the framework of these objectives.
It will therefore be able to benefit if the objectives are achieved, but also those that will be the most penalized that is not taking into account their interests at the local level.
The Convention on Offences and Certain Other Acts Committed on the aircraft, signed in Tokyo on 14 September 1963.
Section II deals with the political and legislative processes in the course and new institutional arrangements adopted in New Caledonia.
The second project is a joint venture of the South-Pacific Society (SPSP), controlled by Kanaks, and Canada's Canadian corporation of Falorb.
At the same time, the number of visitors from New Zealand fell from 34 per cent and from Japan to 2 per cent.
At the 3th meeting of the Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee), on 1 October 2002, the representative of Papua New Guinea, said that, if possible, could be made on the goodwill of all the parties concerned, consideration of the issues of New Caledonia and Western Sahara.
Australia Australia, 24 April 2002.
The procedure would take four weeks, beginning the date that a decision was taken to resume operations in Iraq.
With regard to chemical weapons, the production of Iraq's production facilities were largely destroyed or damaged by air bombardment in 1991.
Report of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, questions relating to refugees, returnees and displaced persons and humanitarian questions: report of the Third Committee (A/58/503)
Fifty-eighth session
Actions taken
In particular, it provided a detailed analytical report of the draft, which was published as a working paper of its Working Group (A/CN.9/WG.III/WP.21/Add.1, UNCTAD/SDE/TL/4).
The estimated expenditures for civilian personnel for the 2003/04 period, which covers 256 international staff, 289 staff in the country and 88 United Nations Volunteers, amounted to $29,314,900, a decrease of $4,938,300,4 per cent, compared to the apportionment for the 2002/03 period.
(a) Financial mechanism: financing under the Kyoto Protocol;
Noting in particular the importance of the main countries that are producing or work in diamonds to participate in the self-regulation system in the Kimberley Process,
Financial performance report for the period from 1 July 2001 to 30 June 2002
Thus, in recent analysis, new proposals, as well as self-competitive, appear not only in practice in practice where the coordination level is required, the vast range of actors that would be involved and long-term time of reporting, but still likely to lead to the simplification of the process, but on the basis of a new level of work, increasing the work of recipient countries and other actors.
It has cooperated with the United Nations and contributed to the implementation of various decisions of the bodies, in response to its comments and observations on the request of various United Nations agencies, organizing conferences and seminars, publication and brochures on some issues discussed by the United Nations system and through an attempt to protest.
Table 1 provides to compare the estimates for the biennium 2004-2005 (at the rates of the biennium 2004-2005), the revised estimates for the biennium 2002-2003 to the General Assembly approved by its resolution 573 of 20 December 2002 and the amount of expenditure and income for the biennium 2000-2001.
The Committee therefore recommends that a first report be produced, a time frame for submission to the General Assembly during the first part of its fifty-ninth session.
A post D-2, Director, Office of the Ombudsman (ibid.
The requirements for the travel costs for 2004-2005 are estimated at $2,126,300 (before recosting), amounting to $74,800 more than the appropriation for 2002-2003.
Chapter 26 Palestine refugees
In the future, it should be explained, either in the programme documents, in addition to the additional complement of posts between Headquarters and regional offices and between regular budget and extrabudgetary resources.
The purchase of firearms and explosives in the parallel market should be brought to the Prosecutor's Office, the head of the Law of the Federal Act on Firearms and Explosives, and are punishable by imprisonment and a fine, as well as the confiscation of firearms and explosives;
Facilitator
The Committee also notes with appreciation the written written answers submitted by the State party to its list of issues (E/C.12/Q/I/2).
(l) Assistance to States for curbing the illicit traffic and collecting small arms (resolution 57/70 of 22 November 2002);
Recalling the Declaration on the Guiding Principles of Drug Demand Reduction and measures to strengthen international cooperation to address the world drug problem, adopted by the General Assembly at its twentieth special session,
Opening and duration of the session
Officials represented by observers
The Committee was informed that the draft resolution contained no programme budget implications.
The Committee thus concluded its consideration of agenda item 127.
At the two sessions, the Committee requested additional information on UNCITRAL seminars.
CONTENTS (continued)
3.1 The author claims that his son is a victim of a violation of articles 7 and 10 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, because the day of his arrest and other opportunities before his trial had suffered severe ill-treatment and due to conditions in which he is detained.
3.1 The author claims that the persistence of the authorities of the Czech Republic, including the Constitutional Court, to refuse to recognize and declare that law No. 14/1947 is a discriminatory law and that it is as a whole and without effect, constitutes a arbitrary, discriminatory and discriminatory violation of the right to restitution and compensation.
3.6 The author claims that there was a violation of article 14, paragraph 2, in this sense that a violation of paragraphs 1 and 3 of the same article, which had to deny a accused of the guarantees of fair trial, is also a violation of the presumption of innocence.
6.3 On the question of the exhaustion of domestic remedies, the Committee took note of the arguments of the State party, in a first time, that the dispute of the author did not fall from jurisdiction of the courts, and in a second time, that under the new Code of Labour of 1 January 2000, a remedy may be introduced to the courts.
The State party argues that the allegations of the author are contradictory.
The Panel's reasoning in this decision was derived from an interpretation of the Covenant that article 6 (1) was read in conjunction with paragraph 2 of the same article, which does not prohibit the imposition of the punishment of the most serious crimes.
The same day, the author's counsel also submitted a request for cassation, which was rejected by the President of the Supreme Court of the Supreme Court on 8 December 1995.
4.12 Accordingly, the author has not exhausted domestic remedies and that part of the communication should be declared inadmissible under article 5, paragraph 2 (b), of the Optional Protocol.
3.1 The author claims that its rights were violated since it was arrested and charged without any evidence of its involvement in criminal activity and that it has been registered by police at the time of his arrest.
In his statement of appeal, the author had requested the revision of the evidence that it considered as a result of error.
With regard to the applicability of the limitation, it relates to the complaint that he referred to the Constitutional Court and the criminal proceedings committed, the author states that, in both cases, it was impossible under the anti-demtitution military regime at the time of committing prosecution of political dissidents within the deadlines prescribed.
Given the fact that the State party has not been subjected to a violation of this complaint, and did not provide any other relevant information in the manner of taking place of sentences of punishment, it should be granted to the author's allegation.
4.16 The State party argues that the author did not have shown that the action of public authorities has an interference in its family life.
6.2 With regard to the excessive length of the last period before the trial, the Committee notes that the dates to determine, in the case under review, the length of the delay were the dates of the author's arrest and trial and not the dates of the author, namely the date of the alleged crime, the date of murder, and the date of the trial.
It was not able to use only the documents that had been available for the first time before the case and may take into account the elements that were not known when the initial decision was made.
The Committee also considers that the State party is wrong to assert that it had not been entitled to a pension under article 13 of the Act on the benefits of ex-combatants and that no other bodies to consider its request had raised doubts on its ability to meet the criteria set out in article 13.
5.2 With regard to the jurisdiction ratione temporis of the Committee, the author considers that his family and his family are victims of a violation of article 7 because they are unaware of the person in question.
Witnesses:
It states that the authors of Peru could be able to make an end to the unconstitutionality of the text before they had before it claims that the decree was not applicable to the author's son.
According to the author, this deadline will not begin from the notification of the arrest, but from the last opinion.
The International Organization for Migration also provides assistance for the voluntary return of detainees in those regions.
On 11 August 2000, the Court postponed the consideration of this complaint.
The authors referred to the decision of HREOC in the extent that it provides an assessment of the facts of the cause, which reinforces their argument that the Commissioner has taken a subjective decision.
2.3 On 25 April 1995, the author requested the Minister of the Interior to cancel the decisions of the Commissions and to return to the police.
The authors have before them the justice in the case of Tamy, Aundund in 1997 and Kongojjell and the claims for damages filed by the authors in the past two cases, but they have not made a claim for expropriation in the first of these cases.
On 5 January 2000, the author and the owner had been stored by the District District District District District, which was considered by referring to the arrest of the Supreme Court in the Valencia case, article 7 of the Law on Fisheries Management was contrary to articles 65 (right to equality) and 75 (e.
For example, the Human Rights Committee, in its general comment No. 11 of article 20, noted that the prohibitions of this “in be consistent with the right to freedom of expression provided in article 19, whose exercise would lead to responsibilities and duties”.
He then referred to the judge that he had intended to appeal.
4.18 The State party considers that mutatis mutandis, the same principle must be able to apply in the case of this case.
3.3 The author claims to exhaust domestic remedies and specify that the case has not been submitted to another international or settlement body.
In addition, the State Council emphasizes that a dual-use approach may be exercised before the Permanent Tribunal or the Magistrates Court at the first instance, and then before the Council of the State and that these bodies may adopt educational measures.
By arrested by the Minister of the Interior of 16 March 2001, it was recognized 13 months of the author's military service at the forefront of its promotion at the sixth stage of the principal heads of the prefecture.
In addition, the amount of the State was sentenced to payment of the procedural costs.
Canada, chapter XII, annual report A/48/40/ Vol.II.
6 See case Cabrao Delado and Sanana, Inter-American Court of Human Rights, Judgment of 8 December 1995 (Special report of the Inter-American Court of Human Rights 1995 OAS/Ser.L/V/2007/3/3);
The State party refers to similar comments made by the State party in Kobeer v. Austria (communic No. 41/1990, Views adopted on 26 March 1992.
France, decision on 3 April 1989.
Meetings
While some positions of posts are actively opposed to new appointments, the commitment of the Government has been gradually established.
Security is therefore crucial, as the safety of electoral staff or the right to participate freely in voting.
The Judicial Reform Commission, however, made progress in the areas of rehabilitation of infrastructure and training.
The situation of women still remains inadequate.
Recalls Economic and Social Council decision 2001/36 of 26 July 2001, in which the Secretary-General is requested to request Governments, non-governmental organizations, organizations of indigenous peoples, the Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues and all mechanisms, procedures and programmes related to indigenous peoples, in the context of the consideration of the Committee's substantive session, including the Working Group on Indigenous Issues, to be submitted as soon as possible, and in any event of the Commission's substantive session,
The analysis suggested that it would be able to determine that they can take place at the negotiating table and the items to be included in the agenda.”
(b) Report of an interregional workshop on the implementation of the Stockholm Convention on Persistent Organic Pollutants in Small Island Developing States (Antigua and Barbuda, 7-10 April 2003);
To do so, it is necessary that two basic conditions are met, namely the existence of a post to which no citizen of Azerbaijan with vocational training or skills and the lack of service services to be among local employment groups.
The time of stay and pre-mathers are not recorded as a working hours.
In 1997, changes and additions were provided to the 1992 Act on Social Protection of Persons with Disabilities, which has become the law on the prevention of disability and the rehabilitation and social protection of persons with disabilities.
The same article also provides that children who cannot be integrated in pre-school pre-school schools because of their mental or mental disabilities are hosted in pre-school schools.
The results of the eight consecutive stamps have been communicated to WIPO to participate in international assistance by competition students and in accordance with 54 countries.
(b) International sites;
(a) National budget;
(d) Agriculture;
That is the challenge of good governance at the heart of our quest for peace and security in Africa.
The United Nations must therefore play an essential role in the proliferation of arms.
This could lead to a new security crisis between the two neighbouring States.
This brochure contains guidelines and information on various options that have been completed by compulsory school.
The implementation of a gender study programme at the University of Iceland is one of the priorities of the Centre for the next years.
The Committee issued a programme for a gender equality policy for the University of the University of the University of 2000-2004.
The Registrar shall determine the salaries and allowances of the members of the Court, in consultation with the Prosecutor, and in accordance with the United Nations common system.
b “In Ghana, H.E. Ararrien through Satellite”, International Heralderald, 4 May 2001.
(a) Adoption of the agenda;
Relations with IMF
(c) To continue to include the question of the peaceful settlement of disputes between States;
In accordance with its previous recommendations (ibid., para. 14), the Committee recommends that the State party:
The Committee notes with concern that children adopted that children are able to know the identity of their natural parents, even their majority and even if it is in their best interests.
(a) The enactment of new legislation and the adoption of a number of national strategies and programmes, including decision No. 347/2002, on national capacity-building programmes in the area of child protection, on children and children in institution; Act No. 6786 concerning trafficking in persons; Act No. 177/2000 on violence in the family and children;
The Committee recommends that the State party, in accordance with article 32 of the Convention, to the ILO Convention (No. 138) concerning the minimum age of admission to employment and the ILO Convention (No. 182) concerning the prohibition of the worst forms of child labour and immediate action for their elimination,
(a) To launch public information campaigns at all levels and regions, with a view to eliminating harmful attitudes against Roma in all society, and in particular among authorities such as the police and professionals providing services in the areas of health, education and social assistance;
It is therefore very important that States parties submit their regular reports and deadlines.
(b) To develop comprehensive and coordinated policies to address the growing phenomenon of immigration, including the launching of information campaigns to promote tolerance, as well as the monitoring of racist acts and data collection;
(d) Ensure that the Council of the Family provides sufficient resources to carry out its mandate.
At the national level, it is recognized that the need to consider the development and development goals in a human rights perspective (UNDP, 2000).
Adoption of measures, including economic and technical resources, to ensure progressively, by all means, and in particular by adopting legislative measures, full enjoyment of the rights recognized in the Covenant
The Labour Code confirms the constitutional right, with regard to private sector workers and public companies, to provide, without prior authorization, the organizations they deem deem appropriate.
This period is considered due to the payment of remuneration for the payment of wages, regardless of the approved criteria.
Information on the current standard of living of the population
As a result of the fact that women's poverty in the interests of households, even though they pay their income to meet their food needs, cannot be able to meet them.
Between 1990 and 1999, the total number of housing units has reached a total of 1,07843, a annual average of 10784.
In the percentage of the population and the housing housing, these figures accounted for, at least 4 per cent of the inhabitants of the country and only 3 per cent of the housing chain.
State housing programmes
With regard to the activities of the health sector, some researchers believe that more than half of the decrease in infant mortality is associated with the expansion and coverage of health services.
However, there is still a need for the legal and judicial provisions of the media and journalists.
FIM: Research Fund
Decree No. 778 of 18 March 1994.
Act No. 19070 of 1996.
However, it is important that the facts relating to violent crimes against women are public and in respect of privacy of the victim.
The findings of these important meetings remain valid and their implementation must be an urgent step.
Japan hoped that all States will make every possible effort to strengthen their commitment to the Programme of Action and will be based on the outcome of the Meeting to take concrete measures at the national, regional and global levels to deal with the problem of small arms during the period ending the second Biennial Meeting of 2005.
Multilateral and plurilateral instruments
17-23 May 2003
If no three options were made by the majority of votes, the majority of votes will be eliminated and a new referendum will be organized for voters to make a choice between the two options.
The United Nations, whose decisions will be final and without appeal, shall be admitted to vote.
• Women whose level of studies is more high than children.
Nunst, A.E., and J.P.
Draft provisional rules of procedure of the International Meeting on the Implementation of the Programme of Action for the Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States
Contents
i.
In their final communiqué, participants at the Islamic Conference of the World Summit, which took place in Malaysia, invited the Security Council to approve the road map on the establishment of peace in the Middle East and to establish a mechanism for the purpose of its implementation.
It is important to refer to the three main pillars of this goal because they show our commitment to keep this theme on the long term.
However, according to the statement of the Israeli representative, the cause of the Palestinian crisis would be terrorism and corruption by the Palestinians.
Armenia continues to implement, since almost 10 years, its policy of the embargo of the Azerbaijani Republic of Nakhivan, causing the enormous suffering to the civilian population of the country.
Similarly, it is imperative that the Government and civil society worked in the hands to encourage the growth and development of our children.
Last year, Member States of the United Nations adopted resolution S/27/2, annex, “A world fit for children”, which included a Declaration and Plan of Action.
All citizens have access to health care and education, which is compulsory.
It has been able to reduce expenditures through energy development measures.
Welcomes the adoption of the Convention for the Protection of the Cultural Heritage of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization at its thirty-second session on 17 October 2003;
“The Security Council expresses its full support for the future mission in Guinea-Bissau, which will be carried out by the Permanent Representative of Mexico, and that will be the first part of a comprehensive mission in West Africa, and awaits its conclusions and recommendations.
United Nations Commission on International Trade Law Working Group V (Insolvency Law)* Twenty-eighth session New York, 24-28 February 2003 Draft Legislative Guide on Insolvency Law (see chapters I and II of the First part of the Guide are issued in document A/CN.9/WG.V/WP.6/Add.2 (see para.
A/56/901, A/57/228 and Add.1 and 2, A/57/289 and A/C.5/56/37.
However, it may be possible for the informal translation of article 3 of the Act, which describes national measures for the implementation of international sanctions.
Annex
Consequently, no person struck a measure of such a nature cannot obtain visas to the transfer of the consular authority of Lebanon or public safety.
Afghanistan, South Africa, Albania, Azerbaijan, Bolivia, Bolivia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Brazil, Cambodia, Cape Verde, Colombia, Ecuador, Estonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, the Russian Federation, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Czech Republic, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Czech Republic, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Czech Republic, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Czech Republic, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic
Statements were made by the representatives of Singapore, the United States of America and Canada (see A/C.3/58/SR.55).
(a) To consider the question of the protection of human rights and fundamental freedoms in the fight against terrorism, taking into account reliable information from all sources;
Calls upon all States to consider consideration and, where appropriate, to revise their immigration policies to eliminate all discriminatory practices against migrants and members of their families and to provide specialized training to officials responsible for the development of legislation, immigration and other services, including the participation of non-governmental organizations and civil society, and the importance of making effective action to enhance harmony and tolerance within society;
Reaffirming that all human rights and all fundamental freedoms are universal, indivisible and interdependent and that it is essential to ensure the full enjoyment of those rights and freedoms without discrimination,
Thus, not only the occupying Power decided to re-establish the areas that had been fully occupied in Palestinian control, the terms of agreements concluded, but it seems to be decided to take the control of civil affairs in these areas.
I should be grateful if you could arrange for the present letter to be circulated as a document of the Security Council.
In its resolution 2003/62 of 25 July 2003, the Economic and Social Council welcomed resolution 19/18 by which the Executive Board of UN-Habitat approved the establishment of the Human Settlements Programme for the Palestinian People and the Trust Fund for Technical Cooperation with a budget of $5 million for a two-year period.
Partnerships
The establishment of a general system of preferences, decided in 1968 at the second session of the Conference, will have achieved a innovative approach to the issue of access to developing countries in the markets of industrialized countries.
International instruments and commitments — which are essential for the establishment of a international economic regime based on rules — will begin to expand in areas that, in the past, fall within the sole jurisdiction of national Governments.
The granting of special and differential treatment can be useful to address the economic, structural and institutional imbalances between developing countries and developed countries.
What must be the role of public authorities?
3-6 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room B
There will be a meeting of the Coordinating Committee of the Group of 77 and the Non-Aligned Movement (at the ambassadorial level) on Wednesday, 5 November 2003, from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. in the Economic and Social Council Chamber.
The above Convention was adopted at the plenary meeting of the General Assembly, on 31 October 2003, at United Nations Headquarters.
In addition, some countries had taken specific measures, although not limited to cases of kidnapping and abduction, to ensure the protection of witnesses and victims of victims before a court.
The Secretary-General announced the appointment of Ms. Angela Kane as Deputy Representative of the Special Representative to Asmara.
After completing its work over 50 minutes, the group returned to the Canal Hotel.
The report of the meeting is available at http://www.uu.int/press/documents.
We have not yet done, at present, the responses we need to address key issues on the production of chemical and biological weapons of Iraq, on what remains its capacity and its current programmes.
Population density and the distribution of distribution have influenced emissions for transport and habitat.
They provide a net increase in emissions from this sector despite the measures implemented, adopted and envisaged.
(c) The need for a number of delegations, and the need to grant the obligation to grant asylum or refuge to persons suspected of enforced disappearance, with a view to failing to return such persons to a State where they may be subjected to enforced disappearance or other serious violations of human rights.
Fifty-eighth session
Other measures could therefore be necessary as in their discussions, intergovernmental bodies focused on general issues and not the role of the Secretariat, i.e. the activities under the programme of work.
(f) The presentation and timing of evaluation reports would be improved;
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
This is therefore particularly timely to speak non-permanent members of the Security Council, with permanent members of the principles of the Charter and the objectives of peace and security.
A discussion will therefore be made to review the sanctions regime.
While the Committee focuses on strengthening legal and administrative measures and on the mobilization of international cooperation and coordination at this end, my delegation would not divert the attention of this endeavour, would like to emphasize other aspects that could be considered, and also mentioned in the report, especially in South-East Asia.
In South-East Asia, it is important to know how Al-Qaida, the Taliban and individuals and entities that are associated with the potential groups of ethnic and national origin in their language and traditions.
Takes note of the second report of the Secretary-General on the follow-up to the recommendations of the Board of Auditors on the accounts of the United Nations and the United Nations funds and programmes for the biennium ended 31 December 2001 and the report of the Board of Auditors on the follow-up to its recommendations;2
35.35 The High-level Committee on Management Management is a key task of organizing the activities of the United Nations system for administrative and management issues in the system, and to promote cooperation and inter-agency coordination on those issues in the Board of Heads of the Secretariat.
My issue is the following: that can be expected to add further contributions? What, as previous speakers have already said, this process will be long, and will require funding, including coordination and specific cooperation in other countries with the lead leadership.
Mr. Farhâdi (Afghanistan) (spoke in French): I am very grateful to Mr. Guéhenno, Ambassador Nishimura and Mr. Braong, who had been exposed to the events that have led to any relevant issues on Afghanistan, although more or less responded to some of these issues.
UNMIK has developed a standard procedure to report each month to the managers of the gap and proposes to consider options for improving the updating of regional inventories.
(b) In addition to Headquarters and field missions, there is sufficient evidence to deal with the volume of air operations, taking into account the increase in recent years;
United Nations Peace Mission (UNDOF)
United Nations Observer Mission in Sierra Leone (UNAMSIL) and United Nations Observer Mission in Sierra Leone
Supports the efforts of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization in order to promote the use of identification systems, including the implementation of the Standard Line, and to encourage the establishment of linkages between these systems and the existing databases, including the International Criminal Police Organization, Interpol, to enable the electronic transmission of information in order to reduce the illicit trade in cultural property, and encourages the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization, as appropriate,
The political process must therefore be broad, and it is open to all Afghans who wish to participate in good faith in political life to do so and are not left on the problem, which, increasingly, encourage them to join them in the peace process.
I would now like to provide a clearer description of the situation by providing the Council the most recent information on specific developments in Afghanistan since the last year.
My delegation would also like to reiterate its deep belief that security is and indivisible must benefit all.
It could be seen if it was willing to release old-use and abandon nuclear doctrine.
In view of the humanitarian nature of the Convention, we hope that the draft resolution would assume the widest possible support by States parties and non-parties to the Convention.
In accordance with this point of view, at a ministerial ministerial meeting, which was held in New York on 26 September, the Minister for Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation, Mr. Ivanov, introduced the initiative for the adoption of a special Security Council resolution supporting the road map.
The President: Yever another delegation wishes to take the floor to this stage?
In addition, no consensus has not yet emerged on issues such as the elimination of unilateral unilateral measures (e.g. the export ban imposed by producer producers and boycott in consumer countries) in the extent that those are incompatible with international agreements.
With regard to the private sector, a number of major enterprises in trade trade are using environmental management systems designed to ensure that wood can pose sources of energy and for society.
It takes effect in the management of concessions, the development of forest plantations and the processing of forest products.
(i) Urges countries and relevant organizations to continue to improve and disseminate information on production, consumption, trade and prices of wood and non-wood products in order to promote transparency in markets.
The Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee) recommends that the General Assembly adopt the following draft resolution:
(Signed) Atokia Ileka Ambassador Permanent Representative
The provisions of the former Constitution, mainly of treaties imposed, should be repealed in their entirety and replaced by a more fair and equitable legislation, the protection of the interests of indigenous peoples.
Programme of work
In the age of the age of 10 to 19 years, men are more than women to work because the schools remain at the domestic home later than boys in the search for work.
The rights and obligations inherent in marriage are the same for the male, witnesses can be able to show a couple of a couple in the same place in the same two years.
[on the report of the Third Committee (A/58/501).
In its resolution 42/11, it requested the United Nations International Drug Control Programme (UNDCP) to use the expertise and experience gained in the implementation of its global programmes of technical assistance, as well as information collected in the context of various questionnaires.
Item 8:
UNCTAD worked with the African Union and the United Nations Economic Commission for Africa in the preparations for the Conference of Canc participating in the High-level Working Group on African Business negotiators for the fifth WTO Ministerial Conference and the meeting of the Ministers of Ministers of the African Union in Mauritius (June), which adopted a common position on the Conference of Cancún.
The technical cooperation activities and capacity-building to assist developing countries to participate in the Doha Development and Environment Organization in close cooperation and coordination with WTO secretariats, UNEP and regional commissions of the United Nations, particularly ECLAC and ESCAP, as well as civil society.
The Committee also participated in the International Conference on Science, Technology and Innovation organized by the University of Government of the University of Hebron in collaboration with UNCTAD in Cambridge, Massachet, on 23 and 24 September 2002, which presented the work of the Commission on ICT Development.
We also recognize that globalization, and in particular the increase in international trade, make a hope for growth for our peoples.
Last year, taking the floor to the General Assembly, I referred to the beginning of the peace process in Sri Lanka and promised to make a report on progress made.
In addition, women participate in the broad social activities of the Supreme Council of Women, which is part of a coordinated and integrated system of development activities that include care for mother and children; and is also the basis of equality between men and women in a society that is the family of the family, focusing on gender equality and respecting the rights of the family.
Developing countries face today's challenges in development, which cannot be viewed by concerted international efforts and support to ensure the political and economic reforms necessary.
“The Industrial Development Board:
I would like to touch on two specific issues of criminal justice:
The United Nations should therefore continue to contribute to the peace and prosperity process in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Brazil has sought to comply with the broader coherence of the principles that it proclaim.
Significant developments in the global balance of global forces and global goals have been produced since the establishment of the United Nations, including 58 years.
In accordance with the conclusions of the European Council of Europe, the European Union will continue to support the efforts of the Secretary-General to achieve a comprehensive, just, viable and practical solution to the Cyprus problem, in accordance with the relevant Security Council resolutions.
Each committee shall elect its President of its members.
Persons arrested or detained must be informed for their arrest or detention and their right to be assisted by a lawyer.
His final publication was also the concluding observations on its second periodic report on the implementation of the Convention on the Rights of the Child, in January 2003.
Response
Fifty-eighth session
At its 20th and 21th meetings, on 24 June 2003, the Committee for Programme and Coordination considered section 28 (Information) of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 (A/58/6 (Sect.
Guided by the Charter of the United Nations, the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime and other relevant human rights instruments,
Also regrets that, in its resolution 1497 (2003) of 1 August 2003 on the conflict in Liberia, the Security Council decided that, in its resolution 1497 (2003) of 1 August 2003 on the situation of a troop-contributing State, the Security Council decided that, at least one of the State's jurisdiction or personnel, as a result of the United Nations stabilization force in Liberia, or in the absence of a formal exemption by the troop-contributing State;
Also requests the working group to study the information submitted and to make part of its comments and recommendations to transnational corporations, other enterprises, Governments, non-governmental organizations and other information sources that are subject to;
The draft decision, as orally revised, was adopted without a vote.
At the same meeting, the Sub-Commission considered draft decision E/CN.4/Sub.2/2003/L.34, which had been sponsored by Mr. Chen Shiqu, Mr. Decaux, Mr. Dos Santos, Mr. Guissé, Ms. Hampson, Mr. Kartashkin, Ms. Mbonu, Mr. Park, Mr. Pinheiro and Ms. Rakotoarisoa.
Men of Justice and Peace
The Office for Outer Space Affairs and the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) could be involved in a number of levels to ensure the exchange of information on the needs of users and the broader objective of integrating GNSS and its additional support to the basic infrastructure of developing countries.
Governments do not allow the potential potential of GNSS to health management and combat diseases.
Expected results
The secretariat of the Convention on Biological Diversity is preparing a synthesis document, which will assist the members of the Partnership, to assess the relationship between the ecosystem approach and sustainable forest management.
Article 21, paragraph (f) provides: “any person or detained shall be formally charged and submitted to the competent court within a period of 48 hours” and “there are no provisional detention”.
(f) Support for the Peace and Security Council for the realization of humanitarian operations on the continent in accordance with the Protocol on the Establishment of the Peace and Security Council of the African Union;
The Special Rapporteur considers that this is a area that could greatly benefit from education and awareness-raising programmes.
Sources indicated that in some areas, the principle of accountability of accounts was relatively well applied but that this was mainly concerned.
Decides to include the following items on the agenda of the third session of the Committee on the Review of the Implementation of the Convention:
The next meeting of the Technical Subgroup of the Open-ended Working Group on Informatics will be held on Wednesday, 15 October 2003, at 11 a.m. in Conference Room 5, under the conduct of S.E. Ms. June Yvon Clarke (Barbados).
Mr. Askar Akayev, President of the Kyrgyz Republic, made a statement.
The Development Committee intends to review this initiative, as the issue of debt sustainability at its meeting of the autumn.
This meeting will provide policy makers to address issues related to development cooperation.
Mainstreaming a gender perspective in all policies and programmes of the United Nations system (agenda item 7 (e))
The representative of the Office of Legal Affairs made several statements in explanation of the rules of procedure of the Council.
Against:
Intergovernmental Working Group of Experts on International Standards of Accounting and Reporting
For example, we are in a phase of the road map of our practical political tools, particularly those related to flexibility.
Staff in recruitment will require training beyond the end of UNMISET's mandate.
3-14 March 2003
As usual, the report provides an overview of the Council's action over the past year, in its area of responsibilities, namely the maintenance of international peace and security.
(e) To assist in maximizing the relevance of the work of the Assembly and the Council and ensure the establishment of arrangements to monitor their effective implementation, including the results of the high-level segment of the Council in the context of the General Assembly;
25.16 Expected accomplishments are: (a) enrichment of knowledge, knowledge and tools of government management and institutions, in order to better equip them to implement an environmental policy; (b) the development of technical cooperation agreements for the installation and use of appropriate and friendly technologies; (c) in the context of the effective implementation of the marine environment for the protection of the marine environment and the effective implementation of the environment and the implementation of the global environmental agreements for the protection of the marine environment and the implementation of the global climate-related agreements.
These activities include the provision of technical assistance to Member States in the areas of primary prevention of drug use among young people; diversification of treatment and rehabilitation services; development and strategies; training and capacity-building; and the dissemination and dissemination of best practices.
Indicators of achievement
54/214 Conservation and sustainable management of forest ecosystems of Central Africa
Strategy
(d) To promote the use of applications of information technology and communication and technology, including through facilitating the adaptation of local conditions or transfer of best practices.
In the number of indicators of achievement: (a) the number of members and associate members that have received assistance from ESCAP and the new initiatives they have taken to improve their ICT policies and the institutional framework; (b) the number of national ICT training centres and the number of technical cooperation activities among developing countries, including the establishment of a regional cooperation technology mechanism, including the establishment of a regional cooperation and technology technology mechanism for the implementation of a regional cooperation technology mechanism, including the establishment of a regional cooperation and technology technology mechanism to support national development measures.
Strategy
The achievement of the objectives set out will be determined by more rapid assistance for natural disasters and environmental emergencies, including physical accidents; quick and coordinated interventions in disaster victims; a higher rate of participation in disaster management training and the strengthening of cooperation in the field and the level of donor response to the inter-agency appeals.
1999/46 International cooperation for the mitigation of the phenomenon of the El Niño phenomenon
Programme 26 Least Developed Countries, Landlocked Developing Countries and Small Island Developing States
The Institute also organized training courses.
- The choice of 2002, women and victory (Soul, 26 February 2002);
Ms. Olmidi (Mexico) said that over three years of power, the Government of Mr. Vicente Fox has laid the foundation for a full exercise of human rights.
In this connection, the Tunisian delegation endorsed the recommendation of the High Commissioner for the purpose of promoting a culture of tolerance and respect for other non-discriminatory and not not violence.
New laws are necessary, but the most important challenge lies in the adoption of laws, but in their concrete implementation.
Ibid., para.
Recalling that the fifth International Conference of New or Restored Democracies has focused on democracy, good governance and civil society,
United Nations
Their mobility can prevent the same when water is contaminated, land and sources of supply.
This type of services should be developed and to make a social right that are politically viable.
This statement also aims at strengthening cooperation with a view to improving the implementation of legislation, provisions of resolution 1373 (2001) and special recommendations of the Financial Action Task Force on Money Laundering (FATF).
Ms. Kees (Australia) said that there were approximately one year, 88 Australian Australians were killed and 202 were injured following the terrorist attack in Bali.
However, in exceptional cases where organizations can be established, the relevant decisions must be binding and the establishment of the new institution derives from the functions of the organization that has established.
Capital master plan
JUSCANZ Group (on the Second Committee)
BRF worked with specific measures to combat the financing of terrorism in the financial system of Fiji.
It is a minimum structure for UNHCR to maintain its capacity-building capacity on the other.
This report is annexed to the present report.
In some legal systems, creditors that do not improve or carry out the encumbered assets, such as the equipment of equipment, shall be held on those security, which usually usually provides security rights against the same property in order to guarantee other claims.
C. Standards and other equipment
It should be expanded as necessary (capacity and resources) in terms of the agreement between ICAO and UNDP, and those of the proposed project document related to the Interim Authority;
(a) Annual report of the Administrator of the World Food Programme and the Executive Director of the United Nations Population Fund (E/2003/13);
Taking into account the important work of the United Nations and the specialized agencies to support the economic and social development of the Palestinian people,
At its 47th meeting, on 24 July, the Council had before it the revised draft decision entitled “Support to the New Partnership for Africa's Development” (E/2003/L.40/Rev.1), submitted by the author of draft resolution E/2003/L.40.
Welcoming the progress made in the revitalization of the United Nations Human Settlements Programme (UN-Habitat) and the United Nations Habitat and Human Settlements Foundation,
Under agenda item 14 (e), the Council adopted decisions 2003/285, 2003/286 and 2003/310.
In favour of men, the decline is still more net since the proportion rose from 43.2 per cent in 1994 to 36.8 per cent in 2000.
In addition, within the manufacturing sector itself was attended by a new distribution of production, it is the result of the manufacture of mumbs and clothing for the use of the electronics, engineering and health products.
It is proposed to provide family treatment to families in which the problem is in relation to drug addiction or community.
An important initiative was to eliminate the removal of illegal vessels in the buffer, the operation is being undertaken with the Department of Lands.
The land shall be returned to owners or their deputies as if their acquisition by the State had never been held, condition that the owners of the premises in the field in the three months after restitution.
In fact, the situation was regarded as unfair vis-à-vis the Maltese authorities and the amendments made in 1995 to the Order of 1944 on the transfer of housing houses, the Order of 1959 on the release of housing prices and the Order of 191 for the re-establishment of the rental of urban property, which is not applicable to the lease lease between 1 June 1995 or subsequent to date of the restrictions imposed by the present legislation.
The programme consists of several integrated programmes, including the following items in the design (e.g. “opor of false-based, counselling counselling, counselling, child-care services, child labour care, periodic reviews of infants, medical counselling, medicine, child pornography and child development”.
The Municipal Councils of Municipal and Sports-care Councils, while NGOs are concerned to organize special services to the disadvantaged groups of the community as disabled and drug abusers.
The Catholic Church provides its own school buildings and facilities, but also to maintain its institutions and to finance the potential of possible.
The candidates for academic studies should have been successfully achieved in the review of the bachala, which is simply access to university and should be further linked to certain studies.
As a strategy for development, NEPAD encompasses almost all aspects of socio-economic and political structures and policies, as well as development planning, economic management, human rights, good governance, democracy, peace, security, health, health or education, among other key elements of any indicator of progress.
However, the problem that we face in this regard is that the ad hoc mechanism by the General Assembly to consider the issue of Security Council reform — i.e., the Open-ended Working Group on Reform of Counsel — has not been able to make significant progress since it was established under General Assembly resolution 48/26 in 1993.
1.6 The Committee would like to receive information on the findings of the Commission established by the Ministry of Justice, Islamic Affairs and the Alqs, which is subject to pages 4 and 9 of the supplementary report to bring in harmony the criminal law with terrorist offences.
The study entitled “Human rights and disability: the current use and the use of United Nations human rights instruments in the context of disability” carried out by the Centre on Human Rights and Disability of the University of Gallton (Ireland) for OHCHR's request on the provisions of six United Nations human rights instruments and the United Nations system on human rights.
State measures 9 - 22 6
In this regard, OHCHR supports the Special Rapporteur in the implementation of the Standard Rules on the Equalization of Opportunities for Persons with Disabilities and the adoption of the proposed draft budget.
With regard to the withdrawal of interpretative declarations or their modification, a mere interpretative declaration, contrary to a regular reserve, can be made in every time.
There was also no need for the need to be placed on unilateral acts in the strict and systematic manner of some types of behaviour of States that could produce legal effects.
However, the 26 million Iraqis deserve.
It is urgent that it is the message of the Inspectors established by the Security Council and provide the responses expected.
The inspections cannot continue indefinitely without prompt, active and effective cooperation in Baghdad.
The situation in the Middle East, including the question of Palestine
I believe that the announcement made by President Bush last Friday, namely that the Quartet would make the road map to the parties as soon as the appointment of a Prime Minister and with sufficient credentials would be confirmed, as an important step forward.
Accordingly, the Secretary-General's proposals to reduce additional amounts are limited to those above, and may be summarized as follows:
In accordance with the guidelines of the Commission, the Special Rapporteur has consistently paid particular attention to the issue of gender equality.
The registration requests are registered in a registry (RCA).
The ratification process of the Convention is being completed.
In expected accomplishment (a), replace “social problems” by “Human development problems”.
Malawi would like to express that all States are self-defence and the promotion of the functions and credibility of the Court and that it will consolidate its jurisdiction and independence: it must be vigilant and to receive the unequivocal commitment of all States; it is also necessary to choose to the officials of the Court, especially the judges whose integrity and independence must be held.
They should be incorporated in a copy of the record and sent under the signature of a member of the delegation concerned to the Chief of the Verbatim Reporting Service, room C-154A.
A/58/137 (Part II) — The risk of nuclear proliferation in the Middle East — report of the Secretary-General
The Government of the Netherlands notes that the courts of the Netherlands do not consider that most economic and social rights are directly applicable in the national legal order.
The agenda was adopted.
Members also have before them document S/2003/1167, which contains the text of a draft resolution prepared in the course of the Council's prior consultations.
The United Nations has been prepared by the United Nations and national organizations on issues of interest for the sustainable development of the oceans and the progress of the geographic industry, under the main responsibility of FAO and under the conduct of a steering committee and a technical committee, which provided coordination.
(f) Capacity-building
In general, IMO considered that the reporting mechanism for the Commission on Sustainable Development could serve as a model for the new initiative.
To meet the needs of the Evaluation Convention, the Global Assessment should include an assessment of biological diversity at the ecosystem level, species and stereotypes.
Ad Hoc Group on Global Policy Review (the guidance report)
Group of 77 (Second Committee: Environment and Sustainable Development)
She thanked the main managers for the information provided on the financial situation, technical cooperation and changes in human resources management.
Expert Meeting on the definition of goods and environmental services and their contribution to trade and development
In some cases, however, the low performance of private enterprises and social discontists are worrying.
At its 57th meeting, on 26 November, the Committee had before it the revised text of the draft resolution (A/C.3/58/L.10/Rev.1), submitted by sponsors A/C.3/58/L.10.
It should also be necessary to introduce policy reform and capacity-building in developing countries.
OHCHR also worked with the Special Representative of the Secretary-General, the Resident Coordinator and the United Nations country team, as well as with ICRC, to develop a common strategy for internally displaced persons.
The 1992 Act on Transfer of Technology and Foreign Investment had liberalized FDI inflows and guarantees the repatriation of profits and capital.
We will stop that, on issues such as the barrier, the expansion of settlements and military actions that are facing Palestinian civilians, the Government of Prime Minister Sharon committed to support the peace process.
Palestinians want to end a final end to occupation, with the certainty that they have a truly viable and independent State.
Bearing in mind that one of the purposes of the United Nations, contained in Articles 1 and 55 of the Charter, is to promote universal respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms for all, without distinction, including sex,
Funds have also been used to provide training for teachers, administrators and analysts at the provincial level.
The group referred to the various forms of education under article 6 and noted that there was a number of activities organized, formal and non-formal, to children, students and adults.
Working Group on Public Awareness (Chairman): Ms. Višnja Ggasović, Croatia; Mr. Markus Nauer, Switzerland
For example, article 139 of the Penal Code states that “the conspiracy to commit any of the offences referred to in this section shall contain the same sentence that those who have the effective commission of the act”.
In accordance with article 148 as amended by Act No. 54 of 2001, it shall be liable for forced labour, which is, or otherwise connected with any other type of explosive or extra or other toxic products, burned, colos, bacteriological, chemical, radiological or other of such materials, as well as any means of terrorist acts, and to allow others to do so.
Agenda item 117: Human rights questions (continued)
Draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.6: Strengthening the role of the United Nations for enhancing the effectiveness of the principle of periodic and honest elections and action towards democratization.
Scale of assessments for the apportionment of the expenses of the United Nations peacekeeping operations
The “E3” Committee considered that Van Oord was entitled to compensation from some of its loss of tangible property but recommended no compensation under its other claims.
It is further noted that, in addition to strengthening its activities in this area and its capacity to support the Counter-Terrorism Committee, the Department of Disarmament Affairs should draw attention to the risk of use of weapons of mass destruction in the context of terrorist acts, and the General Assembly took note of the report in its resolution 57/83.
Calls upon Member States to increase their support for the implementation of the New Partnership and notes that much remains to be done to achieve the objectives and implementation of the priorities therein;
(h) Free television services;
It was proposed that the General Assembly:
They referred to other agreements and institutions aimed at improving the protection of vulnerable ecosystems: the Convention on the Protection of the Marine Environment and South-East Asia and the Plan of Action; the Convention for the Protection and Development of the Marine Environment in the Caribbean Sea and its Protocol on the Areas and Protection of the Marine Environment in the North-East Atlantic region; and the Convention on the Protection of the Marine Environment in the Sea Sea region; and the Convention on the Protection of the Marine Environment in the Sea Sea.
According to another proposal, the main agencies that should participate in the consideration of the topics of groups of groups should establish joint reports for submitting groups at the beginning of meetings, on the basis of the scope and nature of inter-agency coordination in the areas of treaties, to complement the report of the Secretary-General on oceans and the law of the sea, which should continue to work before the Consultative Process.
(f) In paragraph 19 of the second line, the word “Education” is to replace the word “information” and, in the fifth line, the words “shall to provide any available assistance in this respect” shall be replaced by the words “in the invitation of the Special Committee to assist the Constitutional Committee to Tokelau in September 2003”.
In a presentation on the impact of structural adjustment on human development that he took place at a symposium on human development in the Arab world, Ramzi Zaki has been identified three major features of structural adjustment and stabilization programmes, and they are in a limited nature; they are the part of the State of the State.
Any attempt to link the prohibition of future future production and the issue of existing stockpiles would have to renew the negotiations and undermine non-proliferation and nuclear disarmament.
(a) At the election of the additional members, the General Assembly agrees with the following vacancies:
According to the World Bank, the cost of housing has increased over 12 per cent in the first 15 months of the second intifada.42, 43
The PCDI is an implementing agency to report directly to the President of the Palestinian Authority.
When the means and authority of the camps have been provided, refugee refugees have replaced and amended their homes and added others.
Taking note of the reports submitted by the Democratic People's Republic of Korea concerning the implementation of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, the Convention on the Rights of the Child and the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women,
The European Union is strongly committed to promoting gender equality and empowerment of women and it considers that the perspective of equality should be integrated into national development and development strategies at all levels, including in the United Nations.
There are currently two female heads of district in a total of 141.
As to the World Health Organization, it employs four women and six men.
Despite the compulsory nature of primary school under the Constitution of 1991, the problems faced by the Constitution of 1991 are particularly acute.
The rate of achievement was 71 per cent and 73.4 per cent for girls.
In the area of technical education, the attendance, attendance, general discipline, was the following:
Women dominate the trade sector, where the women's report and men is 2, to 1, in 1 to 1, textile production and outsourcing, and the food industry other than the rice rice.
According to this study, 37 per cent of women had already been used.
(PalD, 1996; Dis-Sberbergen, 1995).
The head of the village is assisted by a deputy, but on a total of 12,491 deputies, 101 are women.
Our work on small arms and light weapons have many aspects, but the human dimension must remain our guide.
We also wish to ensure the success in 2004 of the Review Conference to be held in Nairobi, Kenya, which will contribute to this goal.
At the same time, it is important to control arms and impose restrictions in order to create an adequate balance between the legitimate security needs and the loss of innocent lives, which resulted in the proliferation of the proliferation of conventional weapons.
Corrections will be issued after the end of the session in a consolidated corrigendum.
(b) Comprehensive implementation of and follow-up to the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action
Furthermore, she would like to know whether there are figures showing the number of men and women working in the private sector and the public sector.
Ms. Gonzalez asked whether the Inter-Agency Committee on the Rights of Sexual and Sexual Rights, which was in question in paragraph 42 of the fourth periodic report and the Advisory Service on Health and Sexual and Sexual Rights, is in question in paragraph 421, are two distinct and otherwise different institutions.
Invites the Special Committee to take into account, within the framework of the negotiation process, the contributions of the United Nations system and relevant international organizations;
Subsequently, the Conference of the Parties shall hold regular meetings in accordance with the rules of procedure that it adopted.
The Chairman hoped that each organization represented at the meeting, with the assistance of the Committee or other sources where there is a mechanism for the exchange of information.
Other matters
“Welcoming the decision of the Government of Benin to host a regional preparatory conference in May 2004, in collaboration with the United Nations;
Stresses the importance of adopting effective measures, including, where appropriate, existing financial mechanisms, in support of the efforts of developing countries to achieve sustained economic growth and sustainable development, poverty reduction and strengthening democratic systems, while reaffirming that it is at all countries the primary responsibility for their economic and social development;
At the 27th meeting, on 29 October, the representative of Finland, on behalf of the following countries: Germany, Argentina, Australia, Belgium, Brazil, Brazil, Canada, Chile, China, Cyprus, Croatia, Denmark, Ecuador, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, introduced a draft resolution
They are derived from the report of the Secretary-General on improving the situation of women in the United Nations system (A/57/447, tables 1 to 4).
A woman was appointed to the temporary post of the Deputy Special Representative of the Secretary-General to the United Nations Mission in Ethiopia and Eritrea (UNMEE) (with effect on 1 January 2003) and another recently appointed the humanitarian response of the Secretary-General for the crisis in Côte d'Ivoire (with effect on 10 January 2003).
In the light of the fact that there has been serious risk in the global and international cooperation to address the common threat of infectious diseases.
The Group of 77 and China will support all initiatives to ensure better efficiency and better visibility of the work of the General Assembly.
After the riots held in Dili on 4 December 2002, the situation in the country seemed to be left short to the normal.
It must be done, through training courses and sufficient support, that the current standards in preparation give rise to best practices on the ground.
(i) There is an urgent need to take that measure;
[(c) [Aid to avoid any doubt,] the arbitral tribunal shall be competent, among others, to decide on all issues raised by the provisions [item (b)] above or to those];]
Mr. Niter (Sweden) expressed itself with the statement made by the representative of Italy on behalf of the European Union and supported the reforms proposed by the Secretary-General.
Letter dated 7 February 2003 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the Security Council
(e) Report of the Secretary-General submitted pursuant to General Assembly resolution 57/128 (A/58/264);
Expressing its grave concern at the continuation of Israeli settlement activities in violation of international humanitarian law, United Nations resolutions on the issue and agreements reached between the parties, including through construction and expansion in the settlements of Djabal Abu Ghunaym and Ra-Sheikh in Occupied occupied and around East Jerusalem,
International cooperation in the area of environmental protection should be focused on the development and dissemination of innovative technologies, economic diversification and strengthening relevant human development agencies at the national, regional and local levels, as would help developing countries to better address problems arising from climate change.
In order to ensure sustainability of the environment, the global environmental conventions are of universal support.
Encourages Member States of the region to continue their efforts by adopting legislation or regulations to ensure effective compliance with the arms embargo;
In addition, in order to implement a system such as the Sizr, it should be duly considered by the Secretariat of the Secretariat, as described in the bulletin ST/SGB/1997/5 of 12 September 1997, in accordance with the terms of which (sect. (1): “The Secretariat, one of the principal organs of the United Nations, his headquarters in New York.
The level is granted to representatives and allows access to documents that are available to participants, as documents of conference (CRP), in addition to available documentation at level 4.
In reviewing the websites of organizations or organizations that are available to the Official Records, the following documents were posted on the Srr, which some of them did not imply that the documents could be consulted through the system.
The initial system responded to the needs for almost 10 years, which is very much if it is considering the rapid technological innovation.
The seizure of these points should sometimes be carried out in the work of the task force, and a number of time of time (from three to six months) and it represents an additional workload when resource resources are limited.
The Fifth Committee resumed its consideration of the item at its 46th, 47th, 48th and 56th meetings, on 5, 7 and 8 May and 4 June 2003.
They are also suspected of helping others to acquire weapons of mass destruction, while they have to seek to obtain such weapons, or not to eliminate their own stockpiles.
Secondly, there is no doubt that the challenge of terrorism as a new and real threat to the international arena, introduced a new dimension to disarmament, non-proliferation and arms control.
It attended representatives of 117 States, as well as observers for services of the United Nations Secretariat, bodies and United Nations research institutes, specialized agencies and other United Nations agencies, institutes of the United Nations Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Network and intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations.
The Registrar also described the proposed structure for the Registry.
I welcome the work of the Special Working Group on the Prevention and Resolution of Conflict in Africa, the Ad Hoc Advisory Group of the Economic and Social Council for Guinea-Bissau and the Group of Friends of Guinea-Bissau.
Support was expressed for the three areas in which ECLAC intends to take priority in the biennium 2004-2005, namely the policies of promoting equality and poverty alleviation in the region; national policies aimed at strengthening the links between economic and social development and globalization, and the integration of environmental perspectives in public policies in the region.
The first group met with the Director of the plant, which has raised questions on the materials produced by the plant, problems encountered in production, as well as the impact of the problems on production.
Expressing its gratitude to those countries that continue to host the Afghan Afghan people and in the same time once again calls upon all groups to continue to fulfil their obligations with regard to the protection of refugees and internally displaced persons and to allow the access of international organizations to provide assistance and protection to those persons,
(ii) Intergovernmental organizations;
Special agreements for annual payment or for a longer-time period of contributions to the budget by the Government of the country is installed (hereinafter referred to as “the Government of the host State”), by any other member of UNIDO or by any intergovernmental organization with UNIDO, in accordance with article 19.1 (a) of the Constitution.
First regular session 2004: 23-30 January 2004
They pointed out that the Office of the Evaluation would be able to do its efforts and could be able to lose their effectiveness.
Type: Satellite
The following year, Nauru has been even more low, the members of the Panel on the list of “measures”, not because of the lack of our laws, but because the rules of the game had changed and that we have no capacity to oversee offshore banks in Nauru.
In addition to the struggle to prevent weapons of mass destruction, it is essential to address the problem of small arms and light weapons that play a role in conflict and insecurity that are many of our countries.
Regrettably, it would appear that, for a very small number of Member States, the question does not constitute a problem of formulation or terminology, but that it is taking part of other factors that, too honest, we have to do so.
In its resolution 1996/61, the Commission on Human Rights approved the draft Programme of Action as contained in document E/CN.4/Sub.2/1995/28/Add.1, while taking into account the differences between States in the scope of the application of criminal law, among others, on prostitution, production, distribution and possession of pornographic materials.
Corrigendum
It is more established that a few schools of girls and it is to serve as the day of 12 to encourage their students to leave school.
There is no data on the illiteracy of women in rural areas.
To be held on Wednesday, 30 July 2003, at 10 a.m.
Establishment of a nuclear-weapon-free zone in the Middle East region
Notes the importance of bilateral negotiations in peace in the Middle East and the activities of the Multilateral Working Group on Arms Control and Regional Security for the promotion of mutual trust and security in the Middle East, including the establishment of a nuclear-weapon-free zone;
Negotiation of a protocol on measures that will reduce the risks that the irresponsible use of mines other than anti-personnel mines are being protected.
At its 2nd meeting, on 10 March, the Working Group decided to organize its work on the basis of the mandate entrusted to it in resolution 57/61, to consider the objectives and agenda of the fourth special session of the General Assembly devoted to disarmament.
Decisions
UNESCO welcomes the idea of working with Governments, academia, associations, non-governmental organizations and civil society groups to develop national action plans and form the implementation programme.
To date, in view of the number of countries that have ratified the Convention and the previous meetings held in Johannesburg, Beijing and Havana, all hopes have been allowed, many partners have already taken concrete steps to implement the Convention and initiatives to assist countries in this endeavour.
The 10-year review of the implementation of the Barbados Programme of Action should provide clear guidance on the way to implement all previous commitments and define new commitments for the full implementation of the goals set out in the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change.
Yemen welcomes the outcome of the eleventh session of the Commission on Sustainable Development that had clarified significantly the methods and programme of work of the Commission.
We would also like to congratulate all Member States that have participated in these very difficult consultations in the past months and that the commitment and dedication have now led to the adoption of the resolution.
The overall management of reform and judicial review remains the responsibility of the Transitional National Government of Liberia, with assistance provided by international organizations of experts under the United Nations leadership through knowledge and resources of the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP).
[In the case of afforestation or reforestation project activities under the CDM for which it is issued of CERs,] an operational entity shall verify and certify periodically that an appropriate insurance is pending during the reporting period.
The amphetamine continues to be manufactured mainly in Western Europe.
Governments should have priority to ensure that all their services are working together and their resources and knowledge to combat drug trafficking.
This mode of management and use is also essential for the quality of long-standing past and land conservation.
Annex II
The State of Victoria (Australia) assisted the police of Fiji in the use of pistols, and we provide training materials for road safety.
If those who use traffickers, they are not less exposed to the ill-treatment of their dependants, including extortion of funds by religious and other officials responsible for enforcement.
It would be hoped that the revitalization of the role of the General Assembly in peace and security would renew the concept of cooperation of all countries for peace in accordance with the principles of the Charter and the provisions of resolution 377 (V) adopted by the General Assembly in 1950.
The crew of “Suzouou”, which would like to say “in the split in Chinese” in Chinese, has been beaten in outer space and is healthy and except on the Earth.
“The Security Council condemns the killing, violence and other violations of human rights and atrocities in Bunia, as well as the attacks of the United Nations Organization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (MONUC) and internally displaced persons in the premises of the Mission, and reaffirms that such acts will not go unpunished and that their perpetrators should be met.
Appendix A
In accordance with the operative paragraphs of the second draft resolution, entitled “United Nations United Nations Commission on International Trade Law on projects of private financing infrastructure”, the General Assembly would be grateful to the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law for conducting the elaboration and adoption of the model legislative provisions, would request the Secretary-General to publish and recommend that all States take into account the legislative provisions and the legislative Guide on the same subject to the adoption of the legislative provisions.
Report of the Sixth Committee (A/58/515)
Australia, Cameroon, Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Solomon Islands, Nicaragua, Papua New Guinea, Dominican Republic, Rwanda, Tonga, Tuvalu.
A recorded vote was taken.
The situation on the ground is far from calm.
The court appealed to public hearings, a sentence of imprisonment of six years and six months of tax evasion and breach of the obligation to keep accounting.
1.1.1 [1.1.4] Purpose of reservations
Ms. Daniela Stoycheva, Chairperson of the SBI, and Mr. Hall Loror Gorgesson, President of the SBSTA, presented the objectives of each workshop and indicated the expected accomplishments.
The workshop, which was aimed at the staff of the Asian countries to establish the reports referred to in article 18 of the Convention, was mainly affected by States that had not yet submitted their initial reports.
The economic situation has been further improved, the Government had adopted gender equality, a double approach to gender mainstreaming in its strategies and to develop gender policies and programmes, which had to be systematically discriminated on gender discrimination.
It also recommends that awareness-raising campaigns in the Convention are being carried out for parliamentarians, including judicial authorities and legal professions.
In view of all those elements, I would like to reiterate once again the Council to carefully consider international measures that will ensure the necessary security of the Bonn process.
In conclusion, I wish to reiterate that the Government of Kenya is committed to fully implementing the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea and other relevant international instruments.
The Secretary-General considers that the expenditures of the Institute for the period from 1 January to 31 December 2004, including salaries under the nine new posts (1 D-2, 1 P-3, 2 P-2/1 and 5 General Service posts, would be expected to be $976,300.
Education for Peace and Disarmament.
This initiative has proved effective in terms of time of time, efforts and resources.
(b) The guidelines of this nature will be incorporated into the guidelines on the programme papers for 2004 and will include, as recommended in the audit of audit, the direct cost of staff, the establishment and implementation of training activities funded through the administrative budget, and the training projects managed by the Staff Development Section;
The Assembly decided to conclude its consideration of sub-item (a) of agenda item 94.
The Assembly adopted the draft resolution (resolution 58/243).
The Assembly decided to conclude its consideration of agenda item 110.
The Assembly thus concluded this stage of its consideration of paragraph 14 (a).
The document is composed of three parties.
Compilation and synthesis of issues taken by developing countries and Parties with economies in transition to identify their choices and actions taken by Annex II Parties to implement 2/CP.7 and 3/CP.7
However, UNMEE can, within the limits of its verification mandate, ensure that the parties carry out their security responsibilities for the employees of the Commission of the Boundary Commission on the ground, and in extreme situations, to protect human lives.
Adoption of the agenda and other organizational matters.
The costs set out in this document are purely indicative.
However, eight countries only, against the target of 19 had been met, reached their completion plans in mid-2003.
On 22 October 2003, between 1000 and 015 hours, an Israeli enemy reconnaissance aircraft flew over the sea of Beirut (about 20 kilometres of the coast), in the leadership of Jouni and until the west of Chakka (approximately 11 kilometres of the coast).
- The same day, at 2125 hours a Israeli military aircraft fired a flare flare in the waters above.
The Secretariat should strictly comply with the rule of six weeks on the issuance of documents and all resolutions and all relevant rules of the General Assembly, in particular the legislation that the Organization should refrain from documents in paper or on its website as they are not available in all official languages.
[without reference to a Main Committee (A/58/L.36 and Add.1)]
Overall, the situation has never been more favourable to women in 2003.
The Nova Scotia will consider in the near future the possibility of extending the scope of those prohibited.
The annual budget for childcare services for 2003-2004 will be more than three of the 2000-2001 and those additional funds are mostly important for the most disadvantaged areas.
In the context of the priorities of action for 2002-2003, the goal of a rate of participation of 72 per cent by March 2003 and 75 per cent by March 2004 was set up.
The objectives have been set out in reducing the number of unwanted pregnancies among mothers and girls, and measures are planned to improve communication, promote education and provide women-friendly services.
According to the Basic Plan for Health adopted in December 2000, a National Health: a plan for action, the NHS needs to ensure that health workers are equally professional, professional and culturally, to meet specific needs of individuals and families belonging to ethnic minorities.
The heads of all organizations of NHS in Scotland were also committed to the implementation of this programme by signing the African Leadership Commission of the Equal Equality Commission (Commission on Equal Equality).
Efforts have been made to improve services in rural areas, such as schools, police forces, posts and childcare care.
The Court is developing a partnership of partnership with advisory bodies, which could involve the acquisition of the equipment of the proposed business centres, courtroom rooms and the complainant.
A strategy is currently being developed, with two major objectives: more women and children and to raise awareness-raising on choices that are provided in safety and protection; and reduce social tolerance of such crimes for which they are not, tolerated or ignored.
In this context, we believe that, as it was stated at the last session of the Committee 661, an emergency plan to accelerate this process of renegotiation of the financial amendments of such contracts is required.
We hope that all the issues highlighted by the head of the Office of the Programme of Iraq, in his report to the Council, on 29 September, as well as not yet settled or not subject to agreement, will be fully resolved if it is possible to make the transfer in the best conditions and time frame.
It is undoubtedly useful to provide the consequences of universal ratification of treaties, as had already been tried to see Mr. Philip Alston, as independent expert (E/CN.4/1997/74).
Report of the Secretary-General (A/58/323)
They reaffirm the fact that it is very sincere and difficult to be overcome and overcome if we want, as provided for the Millennium Declaration, will ensure lasting peace and achieve an unprecedented development.
Table 2
In democracy, it is one of the majority of the rules that it wishes to accede to and in the past few years, the Canadian people, in their majority, showed that they wish less violence, both in real life and the media.
Research has shown that, in relation to matters relating to crimes, it is necessary, not only for financial reasons, to carry out a return and focus on prevention.
Also at the 2nd meeting, before the election, the Assembly, on the recommendation of the General Committee, decided that the mandate of the Deputy Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court would be six years and that it would begin on 3 November after the date of election.
At its 5th meeting, on 12 September 2003, the Assembly adopted consensus resolution ICC-ASP/2/Res.7, entitled “Strengthening the International Criminal Court and the Assembly of States Parties”, as orally amended (see part IV of the present report).
The budget budget of the Court shall be guided by the primary purpose of the Court, which will lead to public trial in a reasonable period.
A second doctor maintains the database of the Office of the Prosecutor and provides all technical support for the use of the system.
The structure of the Registry, which refers to the same functional approach that used for other major programmes, aims to ensure the maximum efficiency possible through the establishment of a common range of services available to the judiciary and the Office of the Prosecutor.
These three functions require the establishment of three sub-groups in the Panel for the Participation and Compensation of Victims in 2004, namely the sub-group of participation, sub-group of compensation and the group of the Fund for the benefit of victims.
• General Section 3260: Information and documentation Section
Indicators of achievement
• Travel (including security officers for the Prosecutor, the President, judges and Deputy Prosecutors in high-risk areas): 952,691
It would also be responsible for advising on legal issues for the functioning of the Secretariat.
The Deputy Executive Director explained that the amount of the contribution was only one element of the calculation: if the two other criteria, payment and contributions to thematic funds — were met, the rate could not exceed 8 per cent.
The Committee also welcomes the establishment of a working group on democracy and the rule of law and would appreciate further details in this regard.
The Secretary-General has received the following statement, which is being circulated in accordance with paragraphs 36 and 37 of Economic and Social Council resolution 1996/31 of 25 July 1996.
However, it was not possible for the modification of a reservation, but the formulation of a full reservation.
The Office has developed a comprehensive document on legal and judicial reform, which has the progress made over the past 10 years, in the preparation of the mid-term meeting of the donor Group, to be held in January.
Mexico believes that we should also emphasize the need for further use of the peaceful settlement of disputes, as envisaged in Article 33 of the Charter of the United Nations.
In reviewing peacekeeping mandates, the Council should be advised to provide the necessary expertise.
These measures have been negotiated in collaboration with civil society activists; new measures have been reached in a relatively strong consensus within the Government of the Government and hoped that the regulations will soon be adopted.
15 and 28 to 31 January and 29 and 30 April 2003
The acceptance and recognition of indigenous peoples at the national, regional and international levels are capitals for the sustainability of the human and environmental character of our traditional knowledge systems must be respected, encouraged and protected; our rights of intellectual property must be recognized and guaranteed, without the consent and knowledge of traditional knowledge, which are protected in customary law, and the intellectual rights of traditional knowledge.
The Chairman of the Drafting Committee will receive further information and proposals on the structure during the intersessional period.
It can be exacerbated by 5 to 10 years and the fine of 50,000 to 1,000000 FCFA was established that the guilty is usually used in this endeavour.
- Under-Secretary-General;
The Civil Code that regulates family relations in its articles 78 and 80 that the human person is subject to law from birth and until its death is the enjoyment and exercise of all private rights unless otherwise applicable.
Studies were also carried out and structures have been established to ensure the effective implementation of all measures taken.
In the case of entry into land, permission to enter the borders with delegations of immigration and border services.
Annex
There are no differences between men and women in other diplomatic capitals.
The recognition of the values and potential of assistance that non-governmental organizations can assist institutions in the Programme of Cooperation of the Government of Croatia with the non-governmental sector.
[See chap.
The meeting was called to order at 10.20 a.m.
Item 29 (Question of the Comorian island of Mayotte)
Mr. Leslie (Belize) said that the exclusion of Taiwan of the United Nations violates the principles of universality and self-determination in the Charter.
The Economic and Social Council,
Concern was also expressed that the inclusion of the “or-or” member of the “or commitment to fulfil” does not make a very wide definition.
However, it was expressed at the fact that variant B did not mention the responsibility of the carrier and that paragraph 1 said that the carrier was entitled to “the responsibility of its responsibility” without a view to the responsibility of the carrier.
The Working Group approved the paragraph on the merits.
(Article 1 (a)
In favour: Algeria, Algeria, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, China, the Russian Federation, Gabon, India, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Kenya, Malaysia, Pakistan, the Syrian Arab Republic, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Senegal, Sierra Leone, Sri Lanka, Swaziland, Togo, Venezuela, Venezuela, Zimbabwe, Zimbabwe, Zimbabwe, Zimbabwe, Zimbabwe, Zimbabwe, Zimbabwe, Zimbabwe, South Africa, Zimbabwe, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, United Nations, Sales No.
Beyond the current question, the United Nations must continue to play a very important role in other situations of tension, in particular the question of Palestine.
That is the Iraqi regime that it has always remained to avoid war.
I would like to emphasize the valuable contributions of many speakers before I, which have greatly enriched our debate on this important issue.
My delegation listened carefully to the views of the United Nations Member States during this debate.
A point of departure could be made by the Secretary-General by the Secretary-General, and the two principles that would guide our decisions relatively in the future of Iraq.
The Security Council, and will continue to bring the primary responsibility of global peace and security.
My Government is fully committed — and will continue to do so in the fight against international terrorism.
We must be aware of the fact that there has always always been peoples who live under foreign occupation and under international law are entitled to resist such occupation.
We also take other measures to develop cooperation in this area with other Central Asian States.
It is said:
A specific contribution to the “the Support Support Unit” will continue to be used in support of coordination activities.
As indicated in paragraph 3, the Administrator provides in its budgets of budgets, for the financing of funds that UNDP administers, separate credits that are subject to approval by the Executive Board.
It will send its partners with the lessons learned and practices to ensure that their policies and programmes are responding to women's poverty, those suffering and HIV/AIDS, those in conflict and post-conflict situations and those who are excluded from participation in decisions that affect their lives and choices.
The present proposal is therefore not to reduce the rate of recovery to take account of interest, which is currently under approximately 2 per cent.
The budget budget for the biennium 2002-2003 amounted to $7.3 million.
In order to allow a comparison with changes in the volume of approved activities for the fiscal period, the increase or decrease was expressed for the same factors used for approval of credit appropriations.
Regional Community
Burkina Faso reported that it had begun the ratification process.
I have the honour to draw attention to my letter of 3 March 2003 (S/2003/267) transmitting a third report submitted by Indonesia to the Counter-Terrorism Committee pursuant to paragraph 6 of resolution 1373 (2001).
The list of items of which the Council is seized in documents S/2003/40 of 14 February 2003, S/2003/40/Add.3 of 21 February 2003, S/2003/40/Add.4 of 24 February 2003, S/2003/40/Add.11 of 28 March 2003, S/2003/40/Add.14 of 17 April 2003, S/2003/40/Add.19 of 23 February 2003, S/2003/40/Add.11 of 28 March 2003, S/2003/40/Add.14 of 17 April 2003, S/2003/40/Add.19
reforestation and reforestation contribute to poverty alleviation in these areas.
Organization of work
In most cases, globalization has resulted in a decrease in revenues from the State owing to the decrease in tariffs and taxes, and it has thus resulted in reducing public spending, especially in the social sector.
Further information was requested on the Joint Human Rights Commission, proposed by the independent expert, some delegations, stressing the need for human rights issues, including the right to development, be discussed in existing forums such as UNCTAD and WTO, said that they were not in favour of the proposal.
At the same time, the aforementioned delegations called for strengthening cooperation, trade and regional South-South integration.
One speaker felt that the working group itself had already been a follow-up mechanism and that it is necessary to consider studies and national experiences and monitor the implementation of United Nations conferences.
In this context, the Working Group considered that States should seek efforts to eliminate protectionist barriers to exports of developing countries and eliminate some economic sectors of subsidies that affect exports of those countries.
It also requested the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to facilitate such work, including recommendations, as appropriate.
The group raised questions to the Director of the project on the water processing method, the quantities of chlorine in each year, the quantities of chlorine that contains water, the number of employees and entities that provide chlorine.
He stressed the importance of effective collaboration, accountability and predictability in this area.
Case studies
Once again, the use of the veto of the veto, on 14 October, prevented the adoption of a resolution by all as balanced — a resolution that was not called upon Israel to respect the principle of the inadmissibility of the acquisition of territories by force and to consider that the separation wall is illegal.
The meeting rose at 12.05 a.m.
Through its development programmes for a year, UNDP, in partnership with other United Nations agencies, encouraged strengthening leadership at the national level in a number of countries — South Africa, Cambodia, Ghana, Haiti, Malaysia, Nepal, Senegal and Swaziland, and in the Caribbean region.
List of tables 10
Analysis and valuation 28 84
The written response of Iraq to this claim may be summarized as follows:
The number of such instruments are the Treaty banning the nuclear-weapon-Ban Treaty in the Atmosphere, Outer Space and Water (Treaty on the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty (CTBT), the Treaty on the Principles of the Activities of States in the Exploration and Use of Outer Space, including the Moon and Other Celestial Bodies, the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, which prohibits nuclear weapons and other weapons of mass destruction on the oceans and other weapons of the Congo, and the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons (Treaty).
The Antarctic Treaty signed on 1 December 1959 and entered into effect on 23 June 1961, established the first maritime zone of the demilitarized zone.
Mr. Fox (United States of America) said that his delegation had not been able to join the consensus of the draft resolution.
Iraq had recognized that he had not paid attention to these changes.
I believe that if we are honest, we must admit that the “the of innocence” is left, no one of us.
The last part of the findings.
General implications: it is possible to achieve development and combat poverty that productivity gaps within countries and countries are reduced through capacity-building, knowledge, technology and information in developing countries, with a view to achieving equitable and sustainable development.
For example, institutional capacity-building, development and promotion of entrepreneurship is also crucial for the success and impact of technical cooperation programmes of UNIDO; in this context, it is proposed for the technical cooperation activities of UNIDO, which should enable them to build more focused on the basis of a more focused approach and increased efficiency and knowledge of professionals in the context of the eight United Nations service modules.
The Inter-American Treaty on the Establishment of a monetary, Economic and Social Union entered into force on 30 June 1990 and the German-on-on-on-on-and-and-level Agreement for the preparations and organization of Germany on the first election in the Bundestag of 3 September.
(d) Cultural rights
These rights have compulsory effect at the national level, because of ratification of these instruments, but also because under article 25 of the Basic Law, which have a higher authority in statutory laws and directly directly to the rights and obligations of the inhabitants of the Federal Territory, as may be interpreted as general rules of international law.
Only a small number of Parties included a separate chapter on the issue of public participation (Australia, New Zealand, the Czech Republic, Sweden), but many issues raised in the context of the participation of NGOs and policymakers (Bulgaria, Finland, France, Switzerland) or as general principle (Italy).
Others consider the participation of public participation in the development of plans, programmes and policies in relation to climate change issues (Australia, New Zealand).
In the conflict it is essential to maintain a minimum of environmental cooperation to safeguard natural resources and prevent the health of people and the environment of sustainable land.
It should be envisaged, when the construction of new wastewater processing facilities, to provide the use of these waters.
The quality of wastewater in their homes and services, water and the Mediterranean in Gaza must be consistent with the most recent international standards.
As agreed in the Oslo Agreement, it would be necessary to use the installation of the installation in Ramat Hovav in Israel.
Second report on the implementation of the programme budget
Mr. Bumbga (Liechtenstein) said that the past year had been a major year for the work of the United Nations in the area of crime prevention and criminal justice.
Specific measures have been taken to combat discrimination in schools, including through improving access to education in rural areas and children with special needs, as well as through multilingualism and education of indigenous languages and cultures to promote better understanding among cultures.
After receipt of the additional information and information on this subject, the Committee considered the issue in the course of several official and informal meetings, and several proposals on ways to address this problem were submitted by the Russian Federation, France and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
First, all individuals have the duty to assist the public power, according to their means of their means, to fully fulfil the fundamental role of its own.
Article 12
(g) It is important to request special rapporteurs and representatives to keep the functions they are assigned and to keep to deal with topics that are outside their jurisdiction.
The Committee considers that the special programme of information on the question of Palestine of the Department of Public Information has greatly contributed to informing the media and public opinion on the situation.
The Arabs sought to establish a just and comprehensive peace through global peace initiatives, as reflected in the report of the Secretary-General, will remain a key element of future peace efforts.
The Secretary-General wishes to draw the attention of Member States on the fact that the costs of the first Review Conference, in accordance with article 14 of the Convention, will be borne by States parties and States not parties to the Convention, and in accordance with the United Nations scale, as appropriate.
(a) Took note with concern that there were a high proportion of General Service staff in the Professional and higher categories and requested the Secretary-General to report to the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session, where appropriate, the initiatives that would be taken;
(c) The ratio of General Service staff is not subject to the functions of the Secretariat and senior staff in all those offices, and therefore the need for capacity-building, is based on the local circumstances and the development of infrastructure and commercial services in the host country.
Five thousand men, women and children are killed.
That is the first time, since the crisis of Cuba's missile crisis, the peoples of the world will take the extent of the two possible options around a crisis of this seriousness; it is, if a diplomatic settlement, without a peaceful right, a war, with the serious consequences of such an act for Iraq, the Middle East and the world.
That is in their interest in the interests of the Iraqi people.
For example, in two months of work on the ground, it is to note that through the cooperation of the Iraqi authorities, the Inspectors have access to more than 200 sites, including presidential sites and private residences.
Indigenous peoples and indigenous communities are not deprived of their livelihoods or are forced from their lands, in violation of the Convention No. 169.
They do not take disciplinary measures or other measures against workers or other persons who have filed a complaint or that society did not comply with the standards;
Thirdly, he said that it was necessary to be ready to modify its positions and to explore each possibility of finding a fair compromise.
Introduction
President
and
In accordance with the Instructions for the Registry (art. 26-3), a budget proposal is prepared by the Registrar.
Agenda item 5 (continued)
Algeria, South Africa, Algeria, Antigua and Barbuda, Armenia, Azerbaijan, the Bahamas, Bahrain, Bangladesh, Bangladesh, Belarus, Belize, Benin, Bhutan, Bolivia, Botswana, Brazil, Burkina Faso, Democratic Republic of Korea, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Republic of Korea, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Republic of Korea, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Algeria
What Syria is asking, or anyone in this Hall — to listen to the voice of wisdom is a contradiction in itself.
Question 3 (c)
The delegation of the United States would like to know what reasons are in the creation of a senior senior officials as a key element for the progress of major organizational reforms to strengthen international civil service (A/57/30, para.
The European Union agrees with the recommendation made by the Commission in its report (A/57/30) on the maximum amount of annual education and compensation for country-related education and financial accounts referred to in subparagraphs 14 (a) and (b) of paragraph 141, as well as to the lump-sum allowance and additional reimbursement costs (para.
All parties attended weekly meetings and responded promptly to incidents.
The total number of bank deposits has increased steadily, representing an increase of 6 per cent over the past six months.
This time of history requires a reflection, a presentation and action.
Mexico believes that genuine reform should be based on five basic criteria.
[Original: English and French]
In addition, regional integration, developing countries and least developed countries in all regions — has gradually been expanded.
Aims and objectives
However, when this amount is too high, it may have a deterrent and to address the goal of the goal of clean, economic and rapid access to insolvency proceedings.
In addition to the mass assets of the encumbered assets may have to increase in the provision of credit, because secured creditors would provide assurance that their real rights would not be injured by the commencement of insolvency proceedings.
The assets that the debtor had prepared during this period may be recovered by the insolvency representative.
The desirability of measures to protect the value of the encumbered asset would need to be balanced with their complexity and potential costs, and the need for the court to be able to engage in difficult trade decisions.
Termination clause
For greater transparency in the insolvency regime, it is desirable to clearly define the limitations imposed by the insolvency representative concerning the types of contract considered in this section.
However, even if this approach is adopted, the insolvency representative should open a procedure to recover the assets or their equivalent to the counterparty when it will not return.
As noted above, however, there is a large shift in the business of the company, and harm the continuation of its work at a critical stage of survival.
The following list did not claim the completeness and, in some cases, the functions of which would overlap or will not be relevant in due regard to the insolvency law.
As a general rule, the committee shall act on behalf of creditors: its functions will therefore be directly related to the general functions entrusted to those, as described above.
When a committee of creditors is established (and recruiting staff) may be able to give effect to that obligation by requiring its members (and professionals) to sign the confidentiality agreements.
Some of these are general rules, such as the reorganization plan, to make it clear and clear to all parts of the debtor's financial position and changes for certain rights that are proposed, or set out minimum requirements, such as the plan for payment of certain claims.
In practice, this limit will be from 10 to 45 days (see chap.
The recommendations relating to the notification of the opening shall provide the protection of the debtor, which requires that the request for an invitation shall be notified and by giving the possibility of clarifying this presumption.
For example, the ILO Convention on the Protection of Workers of Workers in Insolvency Matters, 1992 (No. 173).
At the same time, we are concerned about the decline in this area.
With regard to the latter, the programme is to provide support to the Economic and Social Council and the interaction between the Council and the United Nations System Coordination Board.
On 6 December, the Presidency circulated a draft presidential statement with the first anniversary of the Bonn Agreement.
On 17 December, Mr. Hédi Annabi, Assistant Secretary-General for Peacekeeping Operations, submitted a private meeting with the participation of troop-contributing countries to the United Nations Disengagement Observer Force (UNDOF), the report of the Secretary-General on the activities of the Force during the six months (S/2002/1328).
Forthcoming official meetings
Having obtained the majority of the votes, the Committee decided to recommend to the General Assembly to appoint Mr. Sirte Vixen in Kelapile (Botswana) and Mr. Manlan Narcre Ahounou (Côte d'Ivoire) and the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions for a three-year term beginning on 1 January 2004.
In the opinion of the Secretary-General, these credentials are in good and due.
The Togog Foundation is proud to provide electronic communications services that enable the G-77 to meet its increasing and communication needs.
This is a permanent forum in which educational institutions and their leaders can discuss issues and problems in a global and multicultural context.
(f) Bangkok (20-22 November 2002), organized in collaboration with ESCAP and UNCTAD (approximately 100 participants);
Private sector-raising strategies
The social fabric of women and women and girls of girls vulnerable to sexual violence and exploitation.
In the past, ex-combatants were only people to address our attention.
The Department of Peacekeeping Operations coordinates a training manual on “Hreat and peacekeeping” peacekeeping missions and Member States.
There will be no further involvement in post-conflict situations and reconstruction.
The international community should take appropriate measures for their relief and compensation.
Official Records of the General Assembly: www.un.org/ga/president
In 12 years, Saddam Hussein had drawn up the Security Council resolutions.
We are now undergoing rapid growth, supported by a strong research and development programme, infrastructure and security standards.
Taking note of the resolutions adopted on the question by the General Conference of the International Atomic Energy Agency, most recently adopted resolution GC(46)/RES/16, adopted on 20 September 2002,
The estimates estimates that the reduction of a week for the duration of the annual sessions should be translated into an average of $226,300, on the basis of the full cost for the biennium 2004-2005.
They include the right to ensure the exercise of the right to drinking water without discrimination and impose measures to ensure effective implementation, specific and targeted implementation.
The subsidiary body of the Conference of States Parties and the Regional Bureau may, if necessary, request the State Party to provide additional information11.
Add a new subparagraph (f) as follows:
(a) The archation of division 2.1 that the contents contains more than 85 per cent, in the mass of 85 per cent, of the sea, and if the storage of radioactive storage is equal or more than 30 kJ/g;
“For UN 3175, the test of excasticity is not required when the cash is fully absorbed in a strong form of the right to a sacred bag.
P903 Add insert the following paragraph after “Embtablely satisfactory in the test of packing group II).
4.1.9.2.1 For example: “national industrialization of type 1 (P-1) (as P-1)" “national industrialization of type 2 (one P-2) and “national industrialization of type I (P-3)” by “Pone of type IP-1”, “Pone of type I P-2" and “cone of type I P-3).
Paragraphs 6.1.4.7 to 6.1.4.6.6 became 6.1.4.6.6.3.4.6.6 and 6.1.4.8 and 6.1.4.8.1 become 6.1.4.7 and 6.1.4.7.1, respectively.
6.2.2.6.3 Resource management
Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty: report of the First Committee (A/58/468)
The Committee was informed that the draft resolution contained no programme budget implications.
Ms. Kenyehi pointed out that, according to paragraphs 143 and 144, women victims of trafficking are immediately expelled from Switzerland and that, in the country, they cannot be invoked against perpetrators.
In undertaking, with the support of the international community, to ensure peace, security, sound economic management and good governance in Africa, African leaders seek to build NEPAD on a sustainable and credible basis.
Without support to the underlying problems of the Christianism, we can argue that it was used to achieve development and stability in other countries and in other regions.
There had been some over the past two years, but the remainder still far far over the 1990s.
The strong commitment of the international community, the call for action, and the ongoing and responsible leadership of Africa, worked on sustainable development of the continent, will contribute to ensuring the full success of NEPAD.
This is the first legally binding international treaty that deals with the trade of products from agriculture.
• Maintenance of releases of persistent organic and nututrients by sources of sources;

As the Secretary-General stated in his last report, it was noted that, in the consideration of the activities of cooperation in 1999 by the White Helmets Commission, the implementation of the White Helmets initiative and experience in this framework.
Introduction
(f) Working paper submitted by the Chairman (A/AC.26/2003/CRP.6, CRP.6/Rev.1, CRP.6/Rev.1/Add.1 and CRP.6/Rev.2; A/AC.26/2003/CRP.6/Rev.2, A/AC.26/2003/WP.3);
(a) The parent or guardian of the child or children was a member of the United Nations civilian personnel in the discharge of its functions in the service of peace, excluding those who died from natural causes or in a accident, after the effective implementation of the Fund;
(i) Measures to promote judicial cooperation (extradition, mutual legal assistance, controlled delivery, combating trafficking by sea, cooperation in the field of law and training);
Rule 16 of the rules of procedure of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council provides that members of the Commission on Narcotic Drugs remain in accordance with the election of their successors and shall be eligible for re-election.
(c) The COP should conduct research on models of understanding in order to demonstrate that conditions are functioning and can be used in innovative ways, and create ways to share best practices and experience.
Mention of such a symbol indicates a reference to a United Nations document.
Some delegations expressed their preference for the text that the previous coordinator had been prepared at the end of others expressed preference to the proposal made by the States members of the Islamic Conference of the Islamic Conference (OIC), all delegations took note of the important concessions already made on this subject.
There are the risk of duplication and duplication.
The family, which is the core of society and the natural environment for the empowerment and well-being of all members, must be protected and receive the necessary assistance to assume all its responsibilities.
Palestinian children are the first affected by Israeli actions; killings, fire, destruction and detention are the lives of those children who have access to education or medical care.
Their current situation in the context of the Israeli occupation is far from a “food fit for children”.
We hope the hope that the International Year of Sport and Physical Education and its wide range of activities will help to achieve the objectives of the draft resolution.
(a) To pay particular attention to the protection of refugee children, especially isolated minors, and internally displaced persons within their countries that are exposed to the risk of being abducted or to participate in armed conflict;
Note verbale dated 2 September 2003 from the Permanent Mission of Kazakhstan to the United Nations addressed to the Chairman of the Committee
Recalling its resolutions 49/75 H of 15 December 1994, 50/70 C of 12 December 1995, 51/45 G of 10 December 1996, 52/38 K of 9 December 1997, 53/77 U of 4 December 1998, 54/54 D of 1 December 1999, 55/33 R of 20 November 2000, 56/24 N of 29 November 2001 and 57/78 of 22 November 2002,
Middle East and North Africa
Children's protection problems — against sexual abuse and sexual exploitation, were the main obstacles to girls' education.
The Director-General for West Africa and Central Africa reported that several countries in the region were in the process of drafting legislation that provide more severe penalties for traffickers.
The institutional framework for public service organizations (non-governmental organizations) has already been established.
UNICEF is currently developing two strategies to combat HIV/AIDS.
Resources to this type of activities have already been included in the programme budget for the current biennium, as well as section 24, Human rights, of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
1 Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-seventh Session, Supplement No. 6 (A/57/6/Rev.1).
The provision would cover expenditures relating to: 12 military advisers and staff officers ($883,200); 8 civilian police advisers ($3255,400); 1 159 (279,99,339, 14 national staff and 737 staff).
Review of the programme of work: programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
I would like to draw the attention of members of the Council on the other documents: S/2003/603 and S/2003/758, letters dated 2 June and 24 July 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Israel to the United Nations; and S/2003/685 and S/2003/698, letters dated 2 July and 9 July 2003 from the Chargé d'affaires a.i. of the Permanent Mission of Lebanon to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General.
“I have the honour, in my capacity as Chairman of the Group of States of the Islamic Conference to the United Nations, to request the Security Council to invite Mr. Ahmad Haajiyini, Permanent Observer of the Organization of the Islamic Conference to the United Nations, Chargé d'affaires a.i. to submit a briefing to the Council under rule 39 of its provisional rules of procedure for the consideration of the item entitled “The situation in the Middle East, including the Palestinian question”.
But the effect is the same: annexation.
The fear of fear is always very bad and is a negotiated compromise to the problems that Israel is concerned.
The Minister for Foreign Affairs of Norway reiterates this conviction without any unequivocal conviction in his interview with President Arafat today.
At the same time, the construction of Jewish settlements, the presence of Israeli security forces in the occupied territories, as well as the excessive use of force against the Palestinian people to despair.
However, it also took note of the different points that had been expressed in the Working Group with regard to the form and scope of the Convention, its fundamental principles and some of its main characteristics.
24 to 7 (a) agreed to recommend the secretariat to follow up the suggestions to expand the scope of the study in addition to the barriers to electronic commerce that could be derived from other instruments, including other organizations proposed for inclusion, and to review with those organizations in the implementation of appropriate studies, taking into account the constraints that could be imposed by the secretariat.
Companies that operate in trade activities should not be afraid of their identity or their own.
(i) To make a new reduction in nuclear non-strategic nuclear weapons, and, verifiable and irreversible, on the basis of unilateral initiatives and within the framework of the nuclear weapons reduction process and nuclear disarmament;
The international community must redouble its efforts to ensure universal adherence to the Treaty on Non-Proliferation and prohibits any measures that undermine its firm commitment to preventing the proliferation of nuclear weapons.
The members of the State Duma claims that when considering the ratification of the documents that will be submitted on the involvement of Latvia in the partnership of partnership and cooperation between the Russian Federation, the European Community and the European Communities and their member States, they would determine whether the Republic of Latvia will fulfil its human rights obligations and national minorities.
She would also like to know whether the Government encourages the training of women's organizations.
Science and technology as a basis for sustainable forest management
Secondly, it should be used to use the knowledge of studies of studies to develop indicators for the various factors of stress and that are both specific and sound.
Date and venue
The President: The sponsors of draft resolution A/C.1/58/L.9 expressed the wish that the text was adopted by the Committee without a vote.
Through such interfaces, it is possible to do not only access to the database but also to other information available on the website.
Chapter II.
Draft conclusions proposed by the Chair
Coordination
Recognizing the need for greater coherence and efficiency in the implementation of the Habitat Agenda and the Declaration on Cities and Other Human Settlements in the new millennium and in the achievement of internationally agreed development goals, including those contained in the Millennium Declaration,
Pilot projects had been approved for two territories and their implementation would be subject to careful consideration in order to determine whether they can be applied.
The Supreme Court of the Judiciary elects, in addition to the candidates listed in paragraph 5, paragraph 5, of article 3, between two candidates whose names are also provided by the Secretary-General, which will serve as a judge of international education and that it will be alternate.
United Nations, Treaty Series, vol. 189, No. 2545.
The Commission's claim on the period of development in El Kani 56 - 95 22
KAFCO has assessed fuel (and A-1 to the replacement of replacement in May 1991, based on the average price of quantity.
The production chain used after the date is based on the annual average rate of annual production in 1994, although the volume of real production is now available.
Ms. Pham Thi Nga (Viet Nam) said that, in explanation of his delegation's position, the draft resolution of objectivity and does not report progress in the protection and promotion of human rights in Myanmar.
The draft resolution is totally silent on the request that the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo addressed the international community on the establishment of an international criminal tribunal for its country to end violence and impunity.
In November, he was killed by a terrorist attack in the same neighbourhood.
They are essential to achieve a comprehensive settlement.
As a result of the international community's endorsement of the road map by the Israeli and Palestinian sides, its implementation requires a genuine political will to achieve the ultimate goal, namely the settlement of two States, envisaged by the President of the United States.
Despite some positive signs that recently announced the revival of the political process, the Israeli settlement policies and the continued construction of the separation wall goes against all peace efforts.
The Charter of the Organization reflects our collective commitment to cooperate in promoting peace and development.
However, while the death of all the terrorists of all walts, we must recognize that one of the sources of this tragedy lies in the despair of some peoples, victims of frustration and injustices that are not being treated.
In contrast, Iran has no nuclear weapons programme and is not in place.
Armenia intends to move forward.
The unilateral use of military force, in the spirit of the Charter of the United Nations and in violation of the principles of international law, could undermine the international security system and encourage countries, individually, to acquire weapons of mass destruction.
In 1970, the States parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, under article VI, took action.
Reaffirming the need to implement General Assembly resolution 54/109 of 9 December 1999, in which the Assembly adopted the International Convention for the Suppression of the Financing of Terrorism,
Completion plan for the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda
According to the Prosecutor, some of those accused were killed and others were never arrested.
Moreover, following a change in October 2001, article 41 of the Constitution defines the family as a entity based on the equality of spouses.
The plan provides the establishment of local development committees that must be at least one woman of their members and responsible for the implementation of the project at the village level.
We are willing to continue to cooperate closely with the Tribunal for such trials.
With regard to the question raised by the representative of China, whether a combination of the completion strategy and an early transfer would allow that cases be completed, as the President said, the judicial process is not easy.
Subregional level
That is why possible solutions to prevent the use of ballistic missiles for military purposes is the complete elimination of weapons of mass destruction, at the first time nuclear weapons.
With regard to export exports, it was proposed to reduce subsidies and credit for export, but not a realistic or realistic objective.
Welcomes, in this regard, the establishment of the Community of Women's Affairs, which aims to empower women, including through facilitating access to adequate conditions, credit and training and technical training;
This project is currently in the Central Asian Region.
Identification
Contents
Some participants stressed the need to explore the possibility of establishing an international stabilization fund that would contribute to the role of the insurance insurance system to help address the losses arising from the implementation of response measures.
Recognizing the importance of collaboration among the organizations that have sponsored the Global Climate Change System,
Recommends that the Commission on Human Rights renew the mandate of the Special Rapporteur for a period of three years;
The Special Representative recommends that the death penalty be removed from the legislation relating to the criminal sanctions of the two republics and that it is explicitly prohibited in their respective constitutions.
The Commission decided to establish an open-ended working group to explore ways to improve the predictability of funding.
It was mentioned in particular the proposed provision for the inadmissibility of a situation in which the consequences of the introduction of sanctions would result of the material and financial damage of third States.
It would be advisable to suspend sanctions in exceptional circumstances or force of force, natural disasters, threats of famine, general unrest, which would lead to a lack of the administration of the country of the country, in order to prevent humanitarian disasters.
Accordingly, the need for a temporary suspension of sanctions should be considered in case.
The sponsor proposed the following text: “The temporary suspension of sanctions is desirable in emergencies and in the case of force majeure in order to prevent humanitarian disasters, and should be decided in cases in which it was in the context of the view that it was not satisfactory to the idea that such a provision could not be required if humanitarian exemptions were already provided in the sanctions regime.
It was further noted that the last principle (section 5 above) raised an important issue of codification and progressive development of international law and that it would be appropriate for the International Law Commission and that the Sixth Committee in discussion.
Transparency will remain a feature of the work of the Counter-Terrorism Committee.
As a result, despite the slight modification of the Group of Governmental Experts, the concerns of the members of the League of Arab States remained unchanged; they believe that the scope of the Register, particularly in the light of the recent experience of the Arab States, has shown that, which is restricted to seven categories of conventional arms, cannot be achieved by universal participation.
Our report on Liberia is another example of how Member States can help to strengthen our achievements in the rule of law.
For my delegation, it is a historic occasion that is the first time of the Republic of San Marino to the Security Council.
Further decides that the Office of the Intergovernmental Preparatory Committee will consist of five representatives of Member States elected according to the principle of equitable geographical representation;
The Board of Auditors raised several points concerning the liquidation of UNMIBH (A/57/5 (vv.1), para.
Please indicate, where appropriate, how your efforts are coordinated at the national, regional and international levels.
Assistance and conclusion
Source: Conference of the Hague, Reports of Conventions, Convention No. 2 (available at www.hcc.net/f/doc/doc2ff.html”).
The obstacles to full and full participation of women in political life are different in traditional attitudes of society; there is a real degree of resistance, the proportion of women to the fact that women can play a role in decision-making.
The trial of another Serb Kosovo of Kosovo, accused to be the elite of the riots of April in Mitrovica, commenced on 22 November.
Research activities for the use of rockets and waste, as well as space-related space operations, are designed and carried out in Esrang by research teams in the areas of the physical, astronomy, air and science-related materials.
UNCTAD's activities in the field of trade and development had not been designed to duplicate work with the work of other organizations, but to examine the relationship between trade and development in a coherent and integrated manner with a view to facilitating and strengthening the process and negotiations in other forums.
The pilot phase has already led to strengthening the capacity of Somali institutions for disarmament, demobilization and reintegration.
Target: All reviewers.
Requests the Executive Secretary to report to its seventh session the measures taken to give effect to the present decision.
“Work of village”
Regional initiatives
The defence of those who are not able to protect him.
The Commission on Human Rights must play an essential role in the process of improving the situation of human rights in Afghanistan.
Invites Parties and other relevant entities, both private and private, and the multilateral agencies to continue to contribute to voluntary contributions or as appropriate in accordance with their mandates, activities relating to the development and implementation of programmes of action to combat desertification in all affected regions;
Ms. Silot Bravo (Cuba) said that the question of a meeting of the Expanded Bureau would seem to be a simple solution, given that the views expressed by the Expanded Bureau, which would be informal, would not necessarily reflect the Commission's membership.
(iv) All the costs and activities of the representative of the Secretary-General to sit in the International Advisory and Monitoring Board during the period of six months set out above, after which these expenditures will be borne by the United Nations;
Its actions against terrorism using weapons of mass destruction will also be in line with the programme of programme in three phases of the Counter-Terrorism Committee on the establishment of the legal framework for counter-terrorism, then through the strengthening of the executive machinery for the implementation of legislation and the development of international cooperation.
The production of production remains close and relatively diversified.
Despite the hope of the hope of hope to see a just, lasting and comprehensive peace in the Middle East, the region was the theatre of armed clashes in other phases and periods that have had a profound impact and impact on peace efforts that Egypt has made and clear and clear all opportunities to establish a just and comprehensive peace for the countries and the peoples of the Middle East.
Also calls upon States to take all appropriate measures to protect cultural and religious sites of national or ethnic, religious and linguistic minorities;
Draft resolution (A/58/L.10)
In addition, the lack of effective control of the State of the flag provides the maritime environment in the conduct of offenders engaged in smuggling of arms and trafficking in drugs and diamonds.
The eleventh session of the Commission on Sustainable Development will be held from 29 April to 9 May 2003 in New York.
In times of war, by the territorial courts of the armed forces and by the military courts of the armed war.”
Participants were in the number of 115 of 59 countries, including representatives of public agencies, international organizations, consumer organizations, and trade and industry.
The provisional agenda had been honoured to preside from the twenty-fifth and twenty-sixth sessions of the Council, which coincided with a period where, after four years of reform, the Organization has increased stability.
Ghana, despite financial constraints, undertook to fulfil its financial obligations to the Organization.
Duration of regular sessions
If the President ceases to be representative of a member of the Executive Board or it is unable to carry out its functions, or if the State member of the Executive Board is a member of the Governing Council, the Office shall designate a Vice-Chairmen as President of the Executive Board, as a new President of the Executive Board.
The role of poverty and its impact on the whole population were highlighted.
Paragraph 12.29 (a)
It was welcomed the abolition of 57s and the rationalization of publications.
The Committee recommended that the dissolution of the Committee on Missing Persons in Cyprus, given the fact that there is a long-term agreement to implement its programme of work and that it is not able to fulfil its mandate.
The representative of the Secretary-General explained that the proposed programme budget for UNHCR was presented in the form of grants to streamline the relationship between the Office of the High Commissioner and the Secretariat and to ensure greater flexibility.
At its 19th meeting, on 23 June 2003, the Committee considered section 35 (Programme for development) of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
The strategy of subprogramme 2 of the strategy should take into account the decision of the Commission on Sustainable Development.
Conclusions and recommendations
The Committee recommended that the triennial review and conclusions are submitted to the Commission on the Status of Women for consideration and action, as appropriate.
The list of participants in annex I are the documents before the Working Group are listed in annex II.
A representative of minority recommended self-government for the people of Ecuador in a specific region of the Argentine Republic, which would contribute to the development of the socio-economic development and the full participation of the Group on the Control of Resources.
The expression “new of minorities” was not accepted by all, its use that would require discussions and positive discussion.
Training courses for minorities to learn from human rights mechanisms and development agenda should be encouraged.
(a) United Nations Institute for Training and Research;
There is no doubt that, in order to reach a new consensus on the issue of the role of the public sector in the energy of energy for sustainable development (which could be seen in order to set up public policy objectives, identification of priorities and identification), without losing sight of the market market.
At the same time, the approach could be used as “proode” in some provisions of the Convention.
(c) The two Turkish military aircraft of C-160, from the FIR of Ankara, entered into the FIR of Nicosia, violating the national airspace of the Republic of Cyprus, and circled over the occupied area of “tololos”, before exiting in the direction of the east.
There is a need to see long-term and political commitment.
13 June 2003
Examples of Côte d'Ivoire, Sierra Leone, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and most recently, Liberia show the full success of our Organization in the deployment, sometimes in emergency conditions, complex peace operations, involving multiple partners on the ground.
On 16 May 2003, the Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court, Mr. Luis Moreno Ocampo, has come to our Geneva office to discuss with the areas of collaboration.
These words are the best tribute to the work of MONUC.
Mr. Gujal (Mexico) (spoke in Spanish): I would like to thank you, Sir, on your delegation's intention to have an important issue that human rights in the Democratic Republic of the Congo in the agenda of the Council's work.
A ecosystem approach involves the expansion of functions and processes involved in management decisions.
E/CN.17/2002/PC.2/3, annex, sixteenth preambular paragraph.
Intergovernmental Panel on Forests
(iii) Possible measures to reduce risks, particularly political risks, to investors that have committed in sustainable forest management in emerging economies;
More than the United States did not have done when they have provided money to Iranian nationals after the United States of American missiles shot from a foreign air law in Iran.
When students in knowledge management, particularly those related to accounting
(b) Analysis of analysis and design of systems (C index, which covers computer-related issues, is dealt with in cluster 3.6.
The Government of Israel is headed by a terrorist act, Ariel Sharon, who, according to two officers who participated in the massacre of Kafr Qassem in 1956, ordered the release of Palestinian children to their mothers.
Further requests the Secretary-General to ensure that, when appropriate, the budget budget for conference services, as well as the resources provided for temporary temporary assistance, to meet all of the requested services on the basis of current experience;
Paragraph 2 would be very close in paragraph 2 of the provision of such provision 32 and would therefore be entitled “any of the goods that may be required for the implementation of the project in accordance with ...”; it would be followed by the formulas that are currently in square brackets in paragraph 2 of the provision of the project, which could be made in accordance with the regulations.
A second second step could be added to the French version.
The provision of section 33, as amended, is approved and referred to the drafting group.
[ENGLISH ONLY] Annex II
(f) That, as stated in article 11 of the Declaration on the Protection of All Persons from Enforced Disappearance, all persons deprived of liberty must be released in a manner that would ensure that they have been released and, in addition, have been released in conditions that guarantees their physical integrity and the possibility of making their rights;
The study revealed that the way that it operates the administrative services of the Secretariat does not allow them to take full advantage of the opportunities offered by technology, nor to adopt most modern practices as other organizations.
Having considered the report submitted by the Secretary-General in accordance with the request contained in its resolution 57/110 of 3 December 2002,
(e) To improve cooperation with the Special Envoy of the Secretary-General in Myanmar and the Special Rapporteur of the Commission on the Situation of Human Rights in Myanmar, in order to undertake Myanmar to a transition to a civilian regime, and to ensure that all the parties have full and freely access to Myanmar and that all persons with the Special Envoy and the Special Rapporteur are not subject to intimidation, harassment or punishment;
“The Economic and Social Council, taking note of resolution 2003/... of the Commission on Human Rights, dated April April 2003, endorsed the decision of the Commission to extend a year of the Special Rapporteur's mandate, as set out in resolution 1992/58 of 3 March 1992, and requests the Special Rapporteur to submit an interim report to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session and to report to the Commission at its fifty-eighth session.”
• It should be seriously tried to dismantle the large mining companies of the State of the State, such as Gwins and MMIA (Ministry of Bakwanga).
Expresses its appreciation to those Governments that have paid additional contributions to the establishment of national human rights institutions and the strengthening of those practices;
Endorses the recommendations and conclusions contained in paragraph 52 of the report of the Committee on Relations with the Host Country;1
The unutilized balance was mainly due to the decision that was not to purchase new generators of power, the generators available to be repaired through spare spare parts and have been sufficient to ensure electricity generation.
Recalling that the United Nations human rights instruments and plans and programmes of global action call for the provision of protection and assistance, as well as possible, and that the family is different, which differ in cultural, political and social systems,
The Voorburg Group met the problems of the identification of suppliers and the quality of any existing registry.
Reaffirms its role in the financial process of the United Nations International Drug Control Programme, which, in particular, to advise the Programme for the Preparation and Budget of the biennial Budget and the management of the resources of the Programme on the basis of priorities established by Member States;
In addition to the development and implementation of the development and development systems (both local and private), policymakers responsible for trade and development policies; support for the formulation and application of legislation; inter-ministerial coordination; research and training capacity on development issues, etc.
Discussions were also included in those items and draft resolutions were submitted and considered at the 11th meeting of the eighteenth meeting, from 20 to 24 October (see A/C.1/58/PV.11 and 15).
Oceans and the law of the sea
The team completed its mission that lasted six hours and then returned to the Qasir Ninawa in Mosul.
The National Directorate of Monitoring informed the nomination and encouraged to participate in the meeting.
It is important to recognize the importance of large-scale services as a engine for economic and social development;
]
(b) In fact, for any person who are responsible for the private sector or work, in particular that it is, for such a entity, to seek or accept, directly or indirectly, a benefit, for itself or to another person or entity, to do so or to refrain from the private sector's obligation to do so or to do so as a result of the financial, financial or commercial operation of the private sector.
(j) Identify, freeze and locate the funds of illicit origin from acts of corruption;
The subsidiary body of the Conference of States Parties shall prepare a questionnaire to collect information on the implementation of the Convention.
According to those delegations, it would be important to ensure that the system for the convention should take into account existing regional mechanisms and seek to avoid unnecessary duplication.
Text taken from the proposal of Norway (A/AC.261/L.78).
Some Parties (7 on 32) presented a “without measures taken”.
For this year, a estimate is provided for agriculture but energy.
(b) To make a difference between the various cases of difficulty in which there is a need to increase more resources in complex cases;
Agenda item 84
In addition, it is necessary to encourage thematic meetings of treaty bodies, which contribute to improving and enhancing the protection of human rights in a specific area.
At its second plenary meeting, on 19 September 2003, the General Assembly, on the recommendation of the General Committee, decided to include in the agenda of the fifty-eighth session under agenda item entitled “Human rights questions”, the item entitled “Implementation and follow-up to the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action” and to defer consideration of the Committee's consideration.
In response to the commitment of States that are not nuclear-weapon States, States that are in need to demonstrate that they are making tangible progress in the meaning of nuclear disarmament.
(v) Take note of the fact that forest-related forests are sometimes at the expense of natural forests and affect the rights and livelihoods of local populations (some severely discouraged at the meeting of Santiago).
Welcomes the report of the Secretary-General dated 18 March 2003 (S/2003/333) and the recommendations made, with the Secretary-General's proposal that a electoral unit would be established in UNAMA, and urges Member States to support the activities of the United Nations in the electoral process in Afghanistan;
I have the honour to draw your attention to my letter of 18 July 2002 (S/2002/778) transmitting a supplementary report submitted by Spain to the Counter-Terrorism Committee pursuant to paragraph 6 of resolution 1373 (2001).
It focuses on promoting TCDC in the areas of policy analysis, institutional capacity-building and training.
Ecuador comprises five women in the Embassy, compared to 61 men.
Ms. Aguilar Monvovo (Ecuador) said that the most important legislative amendment was the revision of the Family Code, which was in the first reading of the Congress on first reading and is awaiting a second reading.
Resolution 1456 (2003)
Executive Decree No. 336, which will enable the National Commission for Action against Air Traffic and Terrorism as a National Security Council.
Career
Reaffirming the right of peoples to self-determination, as enshrined in the Charter of the United Nations,
The fruitful exchange of views that have been followed by delegations to better understand the nature and methodology of technical assistance.
Africa
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland
However, it may be necessary in such a way as to take various factors, including the rules of the organization, its practice, the question of control and the existence of an agreement governing its relations with the State concerned.
OHCHR is taking into account the donor generosity, especially in donor Governments, to cover these needs.
The central task remains to correct the effects of violence and to address current violations while developing national capacities to promote and protect human rights.
(d) Strengthening statistical capacity;
The first results of the activity of the Community will allow us to address the potential of cooperation between the Community and the International Organization, based on the principles of partnership, participation and complementarity.
29B.24 Programme planning and budget planning under the Division for Programme Planning and Budget.
Letter dated 2 June 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Mozambique to the United Nations addressed to the Chairman of the Counter-Terrorism Committee
In its resolution 57/175 of 18 December 2002, the General Assembly endorsed the recommendations of the Working Group and requested the Secretary-General to implement the measures recommended by the Working Group in that regard.
In the light of these contributions, it is estimated that the balance of the Trust Fund of the Institute at 31 December 2003 should amount to $735,600,
Request for hearing
Alternative A
The definition of the term “electronic signature” reflects the definition of the same term in article 2 of the UNCITRAL Model Law on Electronic Signatures.
For further information, please contact Ms. Nicole Valencia (room DC1-603; tel. 1 (212) 963-9684 or 963-9196).
Except for sales publications and documents issued by the Department of Public Information can be accessed in the electronic version of the present Journal, the Official Records of the Journal listed hereunder to the Official Document System of the United Nations.
v. (Sudan); LXO = Loror Air (Egypt); NL = Lus Nar Airways (see the Government of Liberia); Relief: Relief Services Ltd.
Smuggling is still more than 50 per cent of trade.
The looting and illegal incursions by the security forces, the gold and other self-determination, is undoubtedly undermining any economic stabilization and cannot discourage foreign private investors.
The United Nations should assume a more active role in negotiations.
In some cases, cases of such weapons would be, according to the testimonies collected, acts of decreation.
The prevalence of HIV/AIDS is increasing and children accounted for 7 per cent of the infected population.
However, country offices seek to develop lessons learned and recommendations.
Introduction - objectives and objectives
Press conferences
The status of ratification of conventions and information received on the implementation of programmes of action were among key indicators of progress in combating slavery and slavery-like practices.
The observer for UNICEF presented its main focus on the activities of the Fund in the area of child protection.
Calls upon the United Nations bodies and agencies to develop and implement codes of conduct prohibiting any form of sexual exploitation of the United Nations staff, service providers and humanitarian workers, and invites non-governmental organizations to do so in their jurisdiction;
Invites States and non-governmental organizations concerned to undertake research research to achieve better understanding of the diversion of certain practices in the promotion of women and girls of trafficking;
The Institute also participated in the meeting of African Ministers on the Convention, held in Algiers, on 28 and 29 October 2002;
Recalling also Security Council resolution 1493 (2003) of 28 July 2003,
In accordance with the rules of procedure and the decision taken at the 2000 session on the improvement and effectiveness of its operation (CD/106), the Conference invited non-member States to participate in the work of Azerbaijan, Azerbaijan, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Cyprus, Costa Rica, Croatia, Estonia, Estonia, Latvia, the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Russian Federation, the Republic of Macedonia, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Russian Federation, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Russian Federation, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Russian Federation, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Russian Federation, the Republic of Korea, the Russian Federation
I hope that the Ministers would call on accelerated measures on all such security issues.
It is also concerned about the growing links between terrorism and weapons of mass destruction.
Against:
Informal consultations on agenda item 59 (Strengthening of the United Nations system (A/58/395, A/58/395/Corr.1, A/58/7/Add.5, A/58/375, A/57/786, A/58/600 and A/58/610) (A/58/7/Add.5, A/58/215, A/57/786, A/58/600 and A/58/610)); 120 and 121 (Programme budget for the biennium 2002-2003 (A/58/211) and A/58/7/Add.1 (A/58/211) and A/58/7/Add.1 (A/58/211) and A/58/7/Add.1 (A/58/211) and A/58/7/Add.1 (A/58/211) and A/58/7/Add.1 (A/58/211) and A/58/7/Add.1 (A/58/211) and A/58/7/Add.1)
Encourages countries to submit, for a optional basis, national reports, at the session of the Commission in particular, highlighting the progress made in implementing implementation, including the results achieved, difficulties encountered and opportunities;
(d) To strive to implement, within the Commission, a better and balanced representation of major groups of all regions;
The issue of agricultural subsidies, which distort trade trade, was raised and considered a serious impediment to the achievement of sustainable development goals.
(b) In 2004-2005, additional activities to undertake an assessment, assessment and analysis of progress made in the achievement of objectives; inventory of problems and obstacles, but also the opportunities offered, to use lessons learned, including coordination of information received from various sources and activities aimed at strengthening capacity-building during sessions of the Commission; the establishment and management of a system of information and communication.
This assistance has helped to develop educational materials, training of trainers and senior officials, and to provide technical and financial support to the organization of training sessions by the trainers of Cambodia.
The net amount of the total amount of USD 22,432,44 in interest and the amount of USD 172864,514, in accordance with the preparation of the claims, claims for 38 claims of the first part of the sixteenth instalment of the Panel, is USD 4799,89,82.
These pilot projects, which will be designed and executed in the framework of international cooperation, will be able to ensure that regional initiatives carried out by various agencies or groups of organizations are an synergy.
The Fifth Committee, having considered the statement of programme budget implications submitted by the Secretary-General3 and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions, decided to inform the General Assembly that, if it adopted draft resolution A/C.1/58/L.1/Rev.1, the opening of $1,371,600, as follows:
In the context of its programme of reception, the Government shall immediately be able to provide shelter, food and linguistic services for all returnees, men and women, and tried to find work, thereby available to such a vulnerable group.
In the context of international cooperation, the Government has a complete overhaul of its website and census centre, with the aim of improving the data collected and their updating and to ensure a gender-disaggregated basis.
There is a more growing literature, on the contribution of human rights in poverty reduction, and examples of best practices in many of this contribution.
See for example the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action, 1993, Part 1, paragraph 5, and CESCR, paragraph 3.
Does there is a need to reduce duplication of work in the work of the Committee and those of international organizations?
Local governments, which are under the law on local governments, annex II, to deal with the issue of vulnerable children, should develop their potential in more pragmatic ways;
Chapter II of the report (A/57/151) provides an overview of the evolution of net transfer of resources to or from developing countries.
It is important to continue the dialogue that had been begun in Johannesburg on the issue of conversion of debt in ecology and sustainable development.
There have been cases in the past when the meetings of States parties have been delayed considerably or cancelled owing to the lack of quorum.
On the occasion of the Human Rights Day, the New York Office of the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights organized several activities to commemorate the fifty-fifth anniversary of the proclamation of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the tenth anniversary of the World Conference on Human Rights and the allocation of human rights prices.
It was suggested that efforts should be made to avoid this problem when considering the provisions of chapter 8 in the light of existing instruments relating to electronic commerce.
He reiterated that P&II had supported the application of the instrument to transport and indicate that the difficulties could be undertaken in a limited system of limited network than with a uniform system, it was noted that the transport industry was a major measure, adopted a system of transport for multimodal transport, including in the WTO and in the transport transport system.
In response to a question concerning the reasons for which the draft instrument should apply a rule of reference in case of “non-cononial” cases, it was reiterated that the most important element of the draft instrument was to ensure that the liability regime for such damages is predictable and secure.
10 a.m.-1 p.m. Informal consultations (closed) Economic and Social Council Chamber
10 a.m.-1 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room 6
A briefing on the Youth Employment Network established by the Secretary-General, organized by the Permanent Mission of Senegal, in collaboration with the Secretariat of the Youth Employment Network, the World Bank and ILO, will be held today, 30 September 2003, at 10.30 a.m. in Conference Room 5.
The next meeting of the Technical Subgroup of the Open-ended Working Group on Informatics will be held on Wednesday, 15 October 2003, at 11 a.m. in Conference Room 5, under the conduct of S.E. Ms. June Yvon Clarke (Barbados).
In comparison to the posts approved at 30 June 2003, the strength would be strengthened by 22 international staff (1 ASG, 4 D-1, 13 P-5, 15 P-4, 74 P-3, 13 P-2/1, 29 Field Service and 74 General Service (Other level), 537 staff in the country, including 25 Professional officers, and 206 United Nations Volunteers.
The latter would be headed by a Secretary (General General Service (Other level)) and a driver (prued on the national level).
Ms. Shin asked about the level of cooperation between the Federal Commission on Women's Issues, the Federal Office of Equality between Women and Men and the Swiss Conference for the Equality of Women and Men, and is concerned about the lack of resources allocated to the Commission and the Bureau.
2 and 2.
Resolution 1998/46, para.
This option is to launch a joint programme of work with IAEA to develop a norm through the process of developing the IAEA safety standards with the appropriate participation of experts of the Committee and its Scientific and Technical Subcommittee, in accordance with the procedures and mechanisms of the IAEA and the reporting committee.
Option 3
In our great regret, the Secretariat of the United Nations has not taken any steps to redeploy United Nations observers in the demilitarized zone of Iraq's invasion of Kuwait, so that they are able to fulfil the tasks entrusted with the Security Council resolutions.
Primary health care remain also evident in many countries.
Recently, in Cancún, our trade negotiations had died.
Among those, the National Women's Forum is a forum of dialogue and dialogue, a plural and representative, to enable women's organizations to participate in the development, negotiation and policy of national policies for the full development of women, in accordance with peace agreements.
With regard to women's participation in cultural, cultural and political associations, the Secretariat sets out guidance for the legalization of such groups, training of their members in social service and strengthening capacity-building, human rights and human rights in Chimimula, Zacapa, Izabal and Santa Rosa.
Women's Health Programme.
This collaboration could start through the holding of an international symposium to study different aspects of commercial fraud and where different stakeholders could exchange views.
Fifty-seventh session
The present document contains information on the non-governmental organization that requested to benefit consultative status with UNIDO: World Trade Area (GEFOA).
In this letter, he also expressed the hope that the authorities would seriously consider the adoption of such measures and would be in the light of the incident of the “phphat” incident.
With regard to the reports and recommendations of the teams that could be taken into account in the preparation of the report of the Committee to the Assembly, the Working Group of the Whole decided to distribute a model for their contributions to the report of the Committee.
6-20 June 2003 New York
They also noted that the African Union was a common vision of a common vision of a united and strong world that would enable the African continent to meet the multiple challenges that the continent and its people must face in the light of social, economic and political changes in the world.
They stressed that those institutions should resist the efforts of some countries that use such conditionalities to defend their interests.
They called on donor countries to increase their contributions to humanitarian assistance to the needs of the affected populations, without losing the degree of interest of the media, or in the geographical location where it requires the emergency of humanitarian assistance.
The investigations carried out by Tunisia that no banking institution or no operator of funds, financial assets or resources belonging to individuals or entities included in the above list.
Report of the Intergovernmental Preparatory Committee on its second session
Taking note of the recommendations contained in the Secretary-General's report that an coordination body should be designated within the United Nations system in order to provide support in this field and the regional commissions of the United Nations to provide certain activities,
Convinced that the responsibility for road safety lies at the local, municipal and national levels,
Thematic discussion (the meeting will be decided on the basis of consultations by the Office of the High-level Committee with Member States).
The amendment to the Act on Money Laundering, which provides the acts of terrorism punishable by the Criminal Code under the Act, allow the Office to combat money-laundering to freeze without delay the funds or assets of persons or organizations of terrorism.
1-12 March 2004
This situation is reviewed periodically on the basis of a report submitted to the Council by the Secretary-General.
Recommendations for the Government of Guinea-Bissau
The non-governmental organization of the Inter-American Institute of Action and the University of the United Nations University of Action will be hosting the seminar.
It should, in turn, contribute to the development of national and regional policies and regulations that create sustainable management of land resources and to translate a qualitative qualitative and quantitative improvement of arable lands and increase in agricultural productivity.
“The Permanent Forum calls upon Governments to include in their programmes and plans of action and in their educational and cultural policies of indigenous knowledge, spiritual and religious traditions, customs and ceremonies of indigenous peoples, as well as their history, the vision of the CD, philosophy and values.
The mentality of the cold war and the role of nuclear weapons in the doctrines of the nuclear-weapon States, the deadlock in the Conference on Disarmament, the absence of negotiations on a legally binding instrument on safeguards, and especially the risk of the use of nuclear weapons, has created a precarious situation that non-nuclear-weapon States are absolutely binding for security assurances.
Participated in the drafting of the Convention on the Rights of the Child, under the auspices of the Fourth Conference of the International Association of Women, held in Ottawa, Canada, from 21 to 24 May 1998
Cuba
Therefore, they must be safe by a number of provisions, namely:
- Intellectual property rights;
We cannot allow to allow the Conference in a position or to allow them to allow them to cause obstacles to either or because our sense of power is to reduce the homeland.
In the preparation of the disarmament, demobilization and reintegration programme, the country team engaged in dialogue with local commanders and military units throughout the country.
These agents have ensured the integration of the rights and protection of the child in peacekeeping missions.
However, if an agent is re-elected by an organization that applied the United Nations common system under 12 months after termination of service, any amount to which it may be entitled to the end of its re-election, the grant of repatriation or payment of the annual leave of the period, and the return to the period of time was paid to the end of the period, and days for the period of month, after the period of months, and days of treatment for the month of months, and days of treatment for the period of month.
This record contains the text of speeches delivered in English and of the interpretation of speeches delivered in the other languages.
This letter will be issued as a document of the Security Council under document S/2003/371.
The international community in general, and the Security Council in particular, must act together in this critical period in order to avoid a humanitarian disaster in Iraq.
Accordingly, only the claims relating to the deposit of the claims from 2 May 1990 or after this date fall within the jurisdiction of the Commission.
Only the amounts for the compensable period shall be compensable.
The “E2” Panel established the scope of military operations and the concept of military action for the various places and dates for the losses reported in the claims before it, in order to delimrate the area and the compensable award of compensation (“the claims”).
Canada accepted the presidency for a period of one year from 1 January 2004 after the end of the South Africa mandate on 31 December 2003.
In 2003, the Secretariat will make stock of the best practices of those recent planning and lessons planning programmes, to determine whether they could apply to future operations.
If a new operation should be set up in 2003, the Secretariat would be able to deploy more quickly than by the past, through the strengthening of the United Nations Logistics Base Logistics Base and the use of new arrangements for civilian support personnel (e.g., in sub-items 3 and 4 below).
The maximum time of deployment for the members of the quick deployment team will be 90 days, after which they return to their duty stations.
A CD-ROM-ROM, “Building Management” has recently completed and communicated to mission missions in December 2002.
Training in mission missions has been strengthened through the establishment of training cells for UNMEE, MONUC, UNAMSIL and UNTAET and the United Nations Peacekeeping Force in Cyprus and the United Nations Observer Mission in Georgia (UNOG).
The Department is deeply aware of the fact that a single code of conduct should apply to all personnel assigned to peacekeeping missions, whether military, civilian or civil police members, even if disciplinary proceedings vary according to the categories of staff.
Latin America and the Caribbean, Africa, Asia and the Pacific (unless Australia, Japan and New Zealand), Cyprus, Malta, the former Yugoslavia.
A commitment and cooperation are required at the national and international levels to address them.
The lessons learned from pilot pilot projects show that it is essential to identify productive activities for which there is a potential potential, including post-up costs, which require expertise that persons with disabilities are likely to acquire.
It has become a growing tension between the vulnerability of one party and independence, where a person has not been the need to receive care and rely on others.
After considering the studies of appropriate and interesting studies, a participant stressed the need to find a just environment between self-regulation and public regulation to promote transparency.
The search for a structure in which developed and developing countries could discuss this issue was deemed necessary by several participants and was noted that ISAR could play that role.
New York University University of Business
University of Stoyde
United Nations Decade for Education for Sustainable Development
In accordance with article 15, the gaps reported were reported to the claimants so that they can be addressed.
In the case of a claim, the Committee was assured that the goods had been delivered in Iraq by the complainant, but it was not able to determine whether they had been limited before or after the date that the trade embargo imposed pursuant to Security Council resolution 661 (1990) was taken on 6 August 1990.
A Japanese claimant seeks compensation for wages and salaries from August 1990 and April 1991 to employees resulting from the invasion of Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
Ibid., para.
The Special Rapporteur has been significant in support of the support provided by the United Nations system in preparation of the study.
At the moment, there are 4 to 7 per cent of these militias.
Community leaders and associations, institutions and organizations, and all other persons who provide assistance to terrorist activities, in particular by financing of terrorists or groups or terrorist organizations, by providing funds to be used, directly or indirectly, for the commission of terrorist acts or related offences or other financial assets;
- It signed the International Convention for the Suppression of the Financing of Terrorism on 8 June 2000 and ratified on 12 September 2002, indicating that it exercises jurisdiction under article 2 of the Convention in the case provided under article 7 of the Convention;
This Act, which is not automatic, provides that the tax regime applicable to American Samoa will be the United States Tax Code (United States dollars) in force on 31 December 2000.
The Centre and its members play a central role, individually and collectively, by helping the Global Mechanism to carry out its mission, as defined in paragraph 4 of article 21 of the Convention, the sense of reference among the stakeholders, including the members of the United Nations, is not yet fully fulfilled, which was not always fully discharged by the Council.
Let us become a niche for the Global Mechanism
curfews continue to continue, but are not strict in 2002.
The Bishkek meeting, which was held on 9 and 10 July 1998, held experts from the nuclear-weapon States, the United Nations and the International Atomic Energy Agency.
(2) The provisions of the Convention shall be guaranteed in a constitution or other laws and, if so,, to what extent or, in the negative effect, if such provisions may be invoked before the courts, tribunals and administrative authorities, and if they can give effect;
(a) Seven members chosen by the Committee on Crime Prevention and Combating Crime among the Secretary-General and approved by the Economic and Social Council, due to the fact that the Institute and its activities are funded through voluntary contributions and that the principle of equitable geographical distribution must be respected.
I also have the honour to introduce draft resolution A/58/L.41 on behalf of the Group of African States, as well as on behalf of the other sponsors, to introduce draft resolution A/58/L.41 entitled “Economic assistance for reconstruction and development of Djibouti”, which provides an overview of the needs of special economic assistance in this country.
With regard to the vacancy rate, it is true that it should not significantly improve the gradual reduction of activities.
The insurance system for defence counsel is another source of abuse.
(a) Report of the Conference on Disarmament on the work of its session 2002;
This figure, considerably below, was attributable to the increase in security concerns arising from terrorist attacks from 11 September 2001, which resulted in some major resettlement countries to temporarily restrict their territory.
In 1998, many evidence have been issued to FBI on this case.
Takes note of the report of the Secretary-General on additional expenditures resulting from inflation and currency fluctuations and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions;2
New York, 12-23 May 2003
An empirical survey — the Government had considered an investigation was needed to make a clear picture of the situation before taking action that would require the degree of awareness-raising in the region.
Annex to the identical letters dated 25 January 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Iraq to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General and the President of the Security Council
However, the report does not mention that Italy has never been invited to participate in the activities of the Monitoring Group by providing information or clarification.
National law enforcement agencies have been followed up to the Regional Police Training System in the Andean Community, in Lima.
(9) The proposed regulations also imposes restrictions on the services related to the list and brokering activities.
To that end, it proposes to impose restrictions on trade with third countries of equipment and products that may be used for purposes of torture or to death penalty or other cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment.
It was reported, in relation to specific cases referred to in the report, to impose the removal of witnesses for long periods, or in cases of transfer from a prison, as punishment, constitutes a violation of the Standard Minimum Rules for the Treatment of Prisoners (articles 33 and 34) and a form of inhuman or degrading treatment (ibid., para.
The text of the laws referred to in this form can be accessed on the website, at http://www.adad.ch/ch/f/english.html (23 October 2002).
Under this article, if the Court has established, on the basis of evidence by a member of the Garda Schochán, at least one of the auditor, that a person has or control of funds that are or could be used to commit an offence of terrorism or financing of terrorism, or to facilitate the commission of such an offence, which is not used or to be used, unless the respondent or any other person had been able to facilitate the commission of such an offence.
The “terrorist group” is set out in the decision-making framework, i.e., the structured association of two persons, established in the time and in a concerted manner to commit terrorist offences.
International Economic Survey, Swiss nationals, and dependants
Following a request submitted by the Government of the United Kingdom in October 2002, to ensure that the Overseas Territories in the Caribbean provide detailed information on all their acquisition accounts before 15 November, the Ministers of the Territories, including the Cayman Islands, held an emergency meeting in the Cayman Islands.
In July 2002, the States members of the Organization of American States had decided to include training for special social services, especially in drug abuse.
The small island developing States in the Caribbean are some armed times to address these two phenomena and climate variability.
• Identification of the natural resources of nuclear resources and defining land and marine areas that must be protected;
According to article 2, Bahrain, as the State party, must prevent its territory to plan, organize or execute terrorist crimes or participate, must prevent that terrorist elements, individually or groups, are not engaged in the territory of the national territory, and to be able to make refuge, or to be able to use the national territory in other States.
Some regions in the north and south of the African Mountain Initiative, as well as some mountainous regions in many countries, are threatened by a malaria epidemic.
The Secretary-General is grateful to all donors for the valuable support to the library.
(b) Develop the appropriate regulatory framework for the development of other mineral resources of the Area, in particular polymetallic sulphides and cobalt crusts, including standards for protection and preservation of the marine environment;
Recognizing that at the dawn of the twenty-first century, the world is experiencing historical and wide transformations in which the forces of the nationalism of aggressiveism and religious and ethnic extremism continue to launch new challenges,
Paragraph (c)
Finally, the harmonization of the functions and procedures of the United Nations Administrative Tribunal and the Administrative Tribunal of the International Labour Organization should continue to continue, insofar as the current disparities that some international staff can easily be able to take a court.
For its part, the administration should follow up to the requests for consideration by bodies of administration of justice, which is often lacking.
London, 17 November 1977
Ms. Goochea (Cuba) said that it would like to clarify that it was to avoid the consensus that his delegation had accepted paragraph 4 of the draft resolution.
Mr. Bouhayed (Algeria) said that his delegation attached particular importance to the decision set out in paragraph 14 of the draft resolution.
Bearing in mind the Declaration of the World Food Summit: five years after, adopted in Rome on 13 June 2002,
This summary was prepared after consultations of other members of the Council.
Assistance and guiding principles
It continues to welcome the development of democracy in the Republic of China in Taiwan, and hopes that the Chinese people, the two co-sponsors of the Taiwan Strait, would resolve its differences in peaceful manner.
The General Committee decided to recommend to the General Assembly the inclusion of item 167 to the agenda of the fifty-eighth session.
27 November 2002.
This would underpin the recommendations of UNISPACE III, including those aimed at raising awareness of public policy makers and public awareness of the importance of space activities; promoting sustainable development through using space research, to promote increased use, by the United Nations system and the private sector, systems and space services; and improving the management of the natural resources of the world.
Viet Nam has been committed to building a strong nation and a prosperous, fair and democratic society, in which the human beings is at the heart of its economic and social policies.
After having the wealth of wealth of developing countries, the former occupying Powers are now responsible for the death of 10 children all 7 seconds.
Regrettably, the occupying authorities prohibits the Turkish Cypriots to benefit from these benefits without limiting the freedom of expression of the leaders of Cyprus, issued by the occupying forces.
Human rights and fundamental freedoms are enshrined in the Constitution.
34), A/58/6 (Sect.
Round table on microcredit
The President of the General Assembly made a statement.
Unfortunately, the lack of power of most of the workers of forest workers have significantly been reduced to the effect of the most difficult workers.
It provides that these activities will accelerate the discovery of new medicine and vaccines.
Since now several years, the Conference on Disarmament will not carry out substantive work.
As a result of the protection of refugees, which is one of one of all, important, the challenge is to respond to the concerns of States to take into account the protection of refugees.
A national legislation on asylum and the establishment of decision-making bodies to implement these obligations in a fair and effective manner are the following stages.
In paragraph 28 of its resolution 58/89, the General Assembly noted with satisfaction the work made under the leadership of Member States, by the 12 teams that had been established by the Committee at its forty-fourth and forty-sixth sessions, to implement the recommendations of UNISPACE III, and urged Member States to fully support the teams in the conduct of their work.
Ibid., annex I, para.
In this context, it is expected that the Organization of American States proposed that the follow-up meeting on 6 March was held at its headquarters.
Colombia fully supports the statement made by the representative of Peru on behalf of the Rio Group.
More than we do we note that we still do so.
What is not, by definition, terrorism?
(a) The replacement of one or more staff members;
The rights of minorities are based on the human rights of universal human rights, set out in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and developed in the main instruments arising from the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination, on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, the Convention on the Rights of the Child, and other cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment.
A vote was taken by show of hands.
First, focus on the quality and availability of health services.
A total of 28.3 women (19.3 per cent) was estimated on 14 per cent.
Some reproductive health goals included in the ninth plan and the second long-term health plan are presented below (table 8).
Consequently, it will be informed and educated with the population at the level of families on women's health, in order to encourage the use of health services, through information, education and communication programmes (I), with the media of the media, women's health and health personnel.
All the credit institutions of the formal sector require tangible guarantees for lending.
The Malmö summit summit, Kathmandu (4-6 January 2002).
Humanity in any history has never been confronted with a challenge of this kind.
Liechtenstein welcomes this trend and participated in a number of discussions.
The Special Rapporteur on the human rights of migrants continues to denounce trafficking in persons and the smuggling of migrants.
In Cambodia, the joint efforts of the Government, the private sector and civil society, including people with HIV/AIDS, have brought attention and had been recognized by the international community for their initial success.
Determined to achieve the effective use of the development, manufacture, acquisition, transfer, storage and use of chemical weapons and their destruction,
Some developing countries, for example, to justify their opposition to the elaboration of a convention on remote sensing, are making the fact that resolution 41/65 is still a useful instrument, as it is in the two principles that they consider:
rape has been used with impunity as a strategic weapon for intimidation and terror.
A decade ago, violence against women was a totally ignored issue.
States should implement General Assembly resolution 57/179 on measures to eliminate the crimes of honour against women and intensify efforts to prevent and eliminate such crimes through legislative, administrative and programmatic measures.
The Special Rapporteur recommends the establishment of an ombudsman or other monitoring and discipline mechanisms in all peacekeeping operations.
The present chapter provides an overview of the obligations that international human rights law granted transnational corporations with respect to the right to food.
These are violations of the right to food, as well as the indiscriminate destruction of schools and health care in many regions as a violation of rights in education and health.
Letter dated 18 September 2003 from the Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1373 (2001) concerning counter-terrorism addressed to the President of the Security Council
Accession: Cook Islands (22 December 20031)
While the situation of the Georgian economy had somewhat improved in recent years, it remains a serious concern, with a heavy external debt and a higher rate of unemployment over 12 per cent (b.
Accordingly, it was estimated that the non-payment by Georgia of the amount required under Article 19, and less non-compliance to their commitments in the three payment plans are due to exceptional circumstances of its commitment.
The Global Programme against Money Laundering has participated in an assessment of financial activities to the British Virgin Islands under the auspices of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) of 12 to 22 November 2002.
Among the planned interventions for 2003 and beyond:
At its thirty-fifth session, in 2002, the Commission adopted the UNCITRAL Model Law on International Commercial Conciliation and noted with appreciation the report of the Working Group on its thirty-sixth session (A/CN.9/508).
This outcome is the result of your abilities and their effectiveness — the qualities that you have returned throughout your diplomatic career, both the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Finland and, in the United Nations.
The Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific (ESCAP) has been engaged in the years of making a wider focus for TCDC within the framework of its programme of work through using regular budget resources and extrabudgetary resources.
The Royal Police Museum, in cooperation and coordination with other national law enforcement agencies, is working with States in the region where the exchange of information and other operations can be conducted in similar conditions.
The negotiations on this international instrument had been concluded at the seventh session of the Special Committee, held in Vienna from 29 September to 1 October 2003, my delegation had the honour to request agenda item 108 of the agenda of the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly, entitled “Prevention of crime and criminal justice”, also discussed in the plenary, and only to the United Nations Convention against Corruption, on 11 December 2003.
on Disarmament
(c) Resolution 52/12 B of 19 December 1997, entitled “The United Nations: a programme of reform”;
(b) Voluntary contributions administered by the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees.
Improving the financial situation of the United Nations [P.125]
Progressive development of principles and norms of international law on the new international economic order [P.15].
Encourages all States:
The Working Group resumed its deliberations on the preliminary draft convention at its fortieth session, held in Vienna from 14 to 18 October 2002 and had recently addressed general issues relating to the scope of implementation (see A/CN.9/527, para.
Paragraph 2
Norway supports the conclusions and recommendations of the report.
The clarity with which they are, in addition to the efforts of African countries and the support of the international community and the United Nations system, provides an understanding of the seriousness of the situation in Africa and its main concerns.
International cooperation is essential and urgent.
This would also be consistent with the interests of the majority of Member States, which do not provide sufficient resources to consider all United Nations activities in detail.
The first annual report of the Executive Director on the implementation of the outcome of the twentieth special session of the General Assembly (E/CN.7/2001/16) informed the Commission on Narcotic Drugs from the decline in opium poppy production, from approximately 20,000 tons from the twentieth century at least one third of this volume in 2000.
Africa provided 24 responses (21.4 per cent), the Americas 207.9 per cent), Asia 322.6 per cent), Europe 34 (30 per cent) and Oceania 2.4 per cent).
Financing of alternative development programmes and eradication of illicit crops for drug production and resource mobilization
The Security Council is meeting in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
That is truly a situation where all the world is losing in his report, the Secretary-General explains why, in his opinion, it was left that opportunity, I will not have to do so.
Requests the Secretary-General to submit to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session a report on the implementation of the present resolution under the item entitled “Report of the Special Committee on the Charter of the United Nations and on the Strengthening of the Role of the Organization”.
The Territory comprises 14 public primary education institutions and four public education institutions.
The Committee recommended that the General Assembly approve the narrative of section 35 (Procurement for development) of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
In order to reduce poverty, many developing countries have primarily focused on the strategic poverty reduction frameworks (CSPP).
The border is therefore already determined, further strengthened by Security Council resolution 1507 (2003), which calls upon both sides to recognize and respect the territorial integrity and sovereignty.
The posts reserved for Kosovo Serbs in the municipal structures of Liatjan (the region of Pristina) remained vacant, no candidate had been submitted.
The representatives of Kosovo Serbs of five municipalities, namely Kosovo Polje, Liatjan and Oile (in the region of Pristina), Noo Bredo (region of Gnjilane) and Zvanan (the region of Mitrovica).
14.42 The subprogramme is expected to achieve the objectives and expected accomplishments that are: (a) economic stability at the national level and at the level of decision-making; (b) commitment and commitment by Governments to address environmental management issues and to promote the prevention and mitigation of the damage caused to the environment, through the advice and assistance of UNEP; and (c) voluntary contributions to the Environment Fund and other external resources to implement the programme of work.
(iii) Technical equipment: a database and electronic forum on best practices relating to social and environmental responsibility of companies accessible on the Internet (1); advisory information services (including information exchange) on persistent organic pollutants, heavy metals and other chemicals (1); online data on environmentally sound technologies for sustainable development (1);
NEPAD is a comprehensive programme for socio-economic and political development of the continent, and it must also be a treaty of a comprehensive perspective.
Interdependence of democracy and human rights 143
Recognizing the importance of the role of women in the reconciliation process and the search for peace,
(a) To give full effect to the right to education and to ensure that it recognized and without discrimination without discrimination;
Recommends that the Economic and Social Council adopt the following draft decision:
Underlining the importance of full implementation of the Declaration of Commitment on HIV/AIDS “Global global crisis, global action”, the General Assembly adopted by its resolution S-26/2 of 27 June 2001, at its special session on HIV/AIDS, and taking note of the report of the Secretary-General on progress made in the implementation of the Declaration of Commitment (A/57/227 and Corr.1), submitted to the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session,
Takes note:
Encourages the Special Rapporteur on violence against women, its causes and consequences, with a view to rationalizing and increased efficiency and to facilitate access to the information necessary to carry out its functions, to continue to cooperate with regional intergovernmental organizations and their possible mechanisms to promote the human rights of women;
Also requests the Secretary-General to request Governments, relevant United Nations bodies, programmes and agencies, as well as international and non-governmental organizations to indicate their measures to promote and implement, as appropriate, the guidelines on HIV/AIDS and human rights, as well as the present resolution, and to submit to the Committee, in consultation with interested parties, a interim report for consideration at its sixty-first session.
Urges States to pay special attention to the promotion and protection of the human rights of children belonging to minorities, taking into account the fact that girls and boys can be exposed to the risks of different types;
Notes with appreciation the fact that the General Assembly stated that the adoption of a declaration on the rights of indigenous peoples is one of the major objectives of the Decade, and requests that it is possible to complete the important negotiations on this question;
Recalling general comment No. 29 (2001) of the Human Rights Committee, concerning exceptions to the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights,
Office of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights
(c) To continue its efforts to restore the rule of law, including in collaboration with international donors in the training of authorities responsible for the implementation of laws, which are to protect and protect human rights and fundamental freedoms, and to take measures to improve access to justice, as well as to implement the reform measures in accordance with international standards;
Welcoming further the entry into force of the amendment to article 43 (2) of the Convention, which covers the number of members of the Committee on the Rights of the Child of 10 to 18, expressing the hope that this change will enable the Committee to effectively carry out the new tasks related to the follow-up to the two Optional Protocols to the Convention and also the Committee's hope that the Committee will resume,
(g) To grant the widest possible assistance for any investigation, criminal proceedings or extradition proceedings relating to the offences referred to in article 3, paragraph 1, of the Optional Protocol to the Convention on the Rights of the Child, on the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography, including the identification of evidence of evidence;
[See chap.
(e) The representative of Costa Rica (on behalf of the Group of Latin American and Caribbean States);
Also at the same meeting, the representative of Cuba orally corrected amendments (E/CN.4/2000/L.77) proposed to draft resolution E/CN.4/2000/L.2, to insert, before paragraph 1, two new paragraphs as follows:
Discrimination in the criminal justice system
At the same meeting, the representative of Cuba withdrew the amendment (E/CN.4/2000/L.103) proposed to draft resolution E/CN.4/2000/L.66, which his country was the author.
Eritrea and Malaysia joined the sponsors.
At the same meeting, the representative of the Republic of Korea orally revised operative paragraph 4 of the draft resolution.
(a) Treaty bodies;
Haiti
III, para.
Recognizing that, among older persons, women are more than men, the gap between the age, and that the status of older women in the world must be a priority,
It was understood that if reimbursement was calculated on the basis of a standard standard, some Governments would not be fully reimbursed for the costs incurred by their participation in a United Nations peacekeeping force.
It had held discussions with the Secretariat to ensure that, in a timely manner, it would be useful to provide detailed information on the simplified approach.
According to additional information provided to the Committee, the Mission had proposed 46 aircraft for 2002: 22 helicopters and 2440 hours hours and 24 aircraft and 39,700 hours.
The twenty-second session of the Governing Council/Global Ministerial Environment Forum was opened on 3 February 2003 at 10 a.m. Mr. David David, President of the Governing Council at its twenty-first session.
Finally, Mr. Chanion announced that, at the request of UNEP, a advisory committee of judges had been established to deepen cooperation between UNEP and magistrates.
By a note verbale dated 21 March 2003, the Secretary-General consulted with Member States and received in writing the following proposals:
Reaffirming that unilateral coercive measures constitute a major obstacle to the implementation of the Declaration on the Right to Development,
Programme questions:
C. C. Gg equivalent CO22
Often, the “people's “people” is involved in the maintenance of this very harmful belief for children.
It is therefore not able to provide information on the fate of persons concerned or on the whereabouts where they are.
The Working Group has already clarified 391 cases, including 318 on the basis of information provided by the Government and 73 through information provided by the source.
A small number of cases relate to persons who were allegedly arrested to checkpoints of control by the Syrian army or security services between 1976 and 2000, or abducted by Hizbullah and transferred to the Syrian Arab Republic.
During the same period, the Working Group transmitted new two cases on the basis of new information provided by the source.
66th plenary meeting 3 December 2002
Finally, I would like to express our congratulations and thanks to Mr. Khan, Mr. Seth and Ms. Barale, who, for their dedication and availability, are honoured to the Secretariat.
19.24 The amount of $796,000 reflects the costs of meetings of the Commission, committees and other intergovernmental bodies.
(i) Advisory services: advisory services on gender equality, some other socio-economic aspects of socio-economic life and the application of information technology;
In this regard, two Palestinians, including a boy of 15 years, Mohammed Rabir Sabe, have died.
The peace process
However, between the month of July and September 2002, there are some serious acts that are guilty of the perpetrators of the military forces caused the death of a large number of civilians, including older people, women and children whose responsibility in the conflict was far from being demonstrated.
One member from Eastern European States;
Noting that, since some Parties have submitted their notifications, or have not been submitted, and that delays are produced in the achievement of regular reviews, assessment of implementation has been hindered,
It can be expected that their implementation continues to raise problems in the future, as it will be time to change the management of financial management and focus on commodity-related initiatives and outcomes rather than inputs and planning.
It is regrettable that, in general, the goals set out in the Programme of Action, leaving the scourges of racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance associated with the lives of millions of people throughout the world.
They may make written statements at any time.
C. Factors and difficulties impeding the implementation of the Covenant
The Committee notes with concern that the rights contained in the Covenant are not sufficiently protected in relation to a large number of migrant workers residing in Poland.
The Committee also suggests that the State party request international assistance for the effective functioning of the Office of the Public Ombudsman.
The Committee also commends the State party's efforts to make public awareness of its interaction with United Nations bodies established under international human rights instruments, including the consultation of their reports on the web site of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and to translate into account the concluding observations of these bodies.
In view of general observation, it was felt that emphasis should be placed on equality between men and women.
Individual individuals and groups should have full access to all equal rights, information, public authorities or third parties to water, water and environment services.
The purpose of the operation of a peace soldier has led to sending the peacekeepers in Bosnia and Herzegovina of 150,000 at the time of the end of the year.
Reiterates its call upon the parties to intensify efforts to take measures to build trust and contribute to the normalization of their relations, in particular in the areas referred to in paragraph 14 of resolution 1398 (2002) of 15 March 2002;
Australia, Honduras, Uganda, Uzbekistan, Rwanda, Tonga.
In particular, a set of documents should be developed:
A approach and collective spirit have emerged.
We are going to achieve these objectives that facilitating the destruction of anti-personnel mines in mined areas, raising awareness of the dangers of mine-affected populations, destroying stockpiled mines, providing assistance to victims, facilitating social reintegration and urging new States to formally accede to the Convention and to have an invitation to its standards.
Italy has always been deeply convinced of the moral and political imperative of the Ottawa Convention, which is a means of improving the lives of the people of many countries seriously exposed to the scourge of anti-personnel mines.
The report also presented an overview of the evolution of the role of the Ad Hoc Advisory Group for TCDC and described some adjustments arising from its objectives and organizational structure.
I should be grateful if you could arrange for the present letter to be circulated as a document of the Security Council.
(b) The accomplice of a person who commits or tried to commit one of these acts.
“ 1 bis.
If homicide is committed by the author when he led a vehicle in the history of the past, the effect of drug or medicine who prohibits its personality or in a situation that affects or reduce its mental, moral or physical abilities, the sentence of imprisonment that it is not in the absence of such circumstances.
Each of the cases reviewed and the arguments heard, the President shall address the recommendations on markets for approval by the Assistant Secretary-General for Central Support Services.
(b) In Brazzaville, from 14 to 17 May 2003, the nineteenth ministerial meeting of the Standing Advisory Committee;
Convinced of the need to make a timely and coordinated contribution to the challenge of the abduction of anti-personnel mines in the world and to ensure their destruction,
Letter dated 28 March 2003 from the President of the Security Council addressed to the Secretary-General
In addition to the basic social insurance provided in the LGG, the labour market for young people in the labour market without their training.
Social Security
The beneficiaries of this pension of surviving spouses and spouses and divorced spouses or divorce, or the marriage was declared invalid.
That is why the facilitation of access to safe housing is criminalized in a principle that must guide public action.
(c) Management and resolution of domestic economic assistance for housing facilities, and protection measures for rehabilitation;
In these agreements in the central public and self-government agreements maintain their respective normative skills, they are in a concerted way to achieve the cultural object of the conventions, which are funded in the proportion or account of the amount awarded.
A solution may be made to provide children, both of the age of age, education, education and gender mainstreaming in order to promote a new culture that promotes joint action against HIV/AIDS and improving the economic and social situation of all.
The rule set forth in the Barcelona Traction is the general principles of the law of societies recognized by civilized and not customary international law.
It shows that the nature of diplomatic protection and the restrictive principle set forth in the Barcelona Traction case have led States to use bilateral trade treaties, allowing investors to settle their disputes with the host State prior to the use of arbitral arbitration tribunals or the International Centre for the Settlement of Disputes of Disputes established by the Convention for the Settlement of Disputes of States and nationals of States.
Court of Barcelona Traction
In the case of the Bay Bay Bay, the United Kingdom and the United States strongly affirmed the existence of such a principle when they have been able to protect their nationals that were shareholders of a Portuguese company to which Portugal itself had caused a injury, but the arbitral tribunal of the dispute had jurisdiction to determine the amount of reparation to grant.
A society could not change its nationality for diplomatic protection in exchange of social security, his home or the location of which is controlled.
Ibid., p. 6.
“The Court notes at the outset that the complainants did not complain from a violation of their rights as a result of the work of the White Point, as members of the General Assembly and to vote.
Mutual legal assistance, as well as the laws, treaties, agreements and arrangements of the requesting State Party, shall allow, in investigations, prosecutions and judicial proceedings relating to offences which constitute a legal personality in the State Party, in accordance with article [...] [Effsibility of legal personality]
(c) The partial or partial payment of the value of such assets or funds or funds from their sale to the multilateral debt reduction of the requesting State Party.
]
A proposed proposed by Ukraine.
The decisions of the General Assembly should be taken on the financing of the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon as follows:
In order to promote the development of young people throughout the world, FAO also stressed that, in its programmes, projects and activities, the importance of traditional ties and the protection of key family values.
Although the situation of those persons have yet changed in the wake of the recent conflict, some families who have returned to their homes, resettlement of internally displaced persons remains a major concern.
Recognizing that cooperation between the United Nations and regional arrangements on human rights continues to facilitate the efforts of the United Nations and other in this area, and that there are opportunities for cooperation,
Academic qualifications
Publications
- Aspects of the rights of contingent soldiers in the context of the European Convention on Human Rights;
Concern was expressed to see some external factors.
In accordance with the letter dated 16 May 2003 (S/AC.40/2003/AB/CO.263), sent by Inocencio Arias, Chairman of the Counter-Terrorism Committee, we are pleased to submit a comprehensive report to the Government of the Holy See on 8 July 2002 pursuant to paragraph 6 of Security Council resolution 1373 (2001).
In this sense, it would be able to reiterate the capacity of the Secretariat and to draw all lessons for the success of expert groups.
It is without saying that my delegation fully associates itself with the statement made by the representative of Italy, Ambassador Marcelo Spataa, who spoke with a speech on behalf of the European Union.
As I am also in the debate today's debate, the human rights institutions of Kazakhstan, I would like to emphasize the role and encouragement of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights in the development of our State.
The situation between Iraq and Kuwait
-196-1965: Studies of third round-based schools in the University of the Sac-C-C-law of Milan
Since September 2001, many asylum-seekers arrived without authorization on the Christmas, the Cocos Islands and the Marshall Islands, which was returned to Nauru and the Isle of Manus in Papua New Guinea, where they would be located in detention centres pending its asylum applications.
In view of the signs observed in Rwanda, the Congo and Burundi, we hope that we hope to conduct the preparatory process, but also the conference.
As we have repeatedly stated, we fully support the regional approach with regard to issues relating to the Great Lakes region, which is the importance of appropriate preparation for this international conference.
The Committee devoted to the issue of treaties has some progress, and, in particular, a list of treaties and tools for consideration, but various issues of principle have made much progress.
In negotiations previously previously under the auspices of the United Nations, Mr. Denktash, in the framework of a comprehensive package of action, had accepted that the area of the Turkish Cypriot State is in the process.
The concrete results in the field of gender equality does not seem to be consistent with the number of measures taken or the political will of the Government of Canada; Ms. Gnacadja would like to know whether the Government has new ideas to move forward.
It would be useful to provide more comprehensive information on the services that women have access, on the financing of women's organizations and policies for women, on individuals or agencies responsible for those efforts and on measures taken in cooperation.
OIOS notes that the centres in the second are to be managed differently from those who are in the first, where access to the Internet and libraries are not problematic.
Ms. Aifafi (Morocco) said that it was very important that the Organization had internal control mechanisms that provide evidence and to recommend solutions.
The important element is to identify these abhorrent acts as soon as possible and to avoid them.
The proposed items would be added to the list contained in the report of the Third Meeting of the Consultative Process (see A/57/80, part C).
31.4.4.2 The metal metal metal, which must be classified as “converable”, is extremely inaccurate or in tyable in accordance with the following criteria:
The movement of indigenous people highlighted the revitalization of indigenous languages.
It is not a matter of reference to any rule and seemed to fulfil its intentions in spite of international condemnation.
We have also noted that it is continuing to disregard the international community's commitment, the construction of a wall of a expansionist wall, using the Palestinian land and prevent Palestinians to live.
We hope that the new Prime Minister will have the authority necessary to make this crucial task.
Underlining the importance of education in promoting tolerance, which is to accept and respect diversity, and that education, in particular at school, should contribute to promoting tolerance and elimination of discrimination based on religion or belief,
Welcomes the adoption by the Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean of General Assembly resolution 574 (XXVII) of 16 May 1998 requesting the necessary mechanisms to enable its members, including small island Non-Self-Governing Territories, to participate, subject to the rules of procedure of the General Assembly, for the special sessions of the Assembly, and to participate in the consideration and appraisal of the United Nations conferences of action in the work of the General Assembly and its subsidiary bodies;
The interest of a indicator concerning the safeguards mechanisms is due to the fact that the State considers that banks are not companies as others.
One of these steps has been the creation of a system-gathering system on internal displacement.
The World Tourism Organization agrees to accept the status of the Joint Inspection Unit.
Address by His Excellency Mr. Noror Carlos Kirchner, President of the Argentine Republic
It is necessary to strengthen national and regional capacities and the United Nations system to strengthen the role of our international Organization as a focal point for the efforts of the international community to support countries affected by the priorities of those States themselves.
The legislative and administrative measures have been taken to develop national capacities in planning and disaster management, including to transfer military control, accountability for disaster management.
The first regular session of the Executive Board of UNDP and UNFPA for 2003 was held at United Nations Headquarters, New York, from 20 to 23 January.
He stressed that a total cost of costs was a fundamental need for the business model of UNOPS.
They wished to retire.
(c) The resumption of negotiations and lifting closures and curfews in the West Bank and the Gaza Strip would enable the programme to meet its objectives.
The Committee urges the State party to continue to recruit children as soldiers or as JPOs, or even in the armed conflict.
Notes with appreciation the success of the pilot project on the development of international radio capacity for the United Nations and endorsed the Secretary-General's proposal that this pilot project is an integral part of the activities of the Department;
Welcomes the Secretary-General's proposal to provide public access to the public system for the electronic dissemination of United Nations documents through the interface to the United Nations website, which should be considered in the context of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005, and requests the Secretary-General to report to the Committee on Information at its twenty-sixth session;
(a) Implementation of human rights instruments (continued) (A/58/40 (Supp.
More encouraging, it welcomed the provision of interpretation and translation services in all official languages of the United Nations in the Working Group and stressed that it is necessary to do so.
It was noted that it was possible to learn from existing bilateral agreements that could be posted on the Internet Convention website (www.un.int).
At its 8th meeting, the Working Group adopted a decision on this agenda item on the basis of the draft resolution contained in the relevant meeting, as orally revised.
(a) Undertake and oversee the activities of the project on priority areas, particularly production, movement and environmentally sound management of wastes, as well as the promotion of the transfer and use of cleaner technologies;
In favour: Algeria, Argentina, Armenia, Austria, Belgium, Brazil, Brazil, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, Canada, Chile, China, Croatia, Cuba, the Russian Federation, Gabon, Guatemala, India, the Syrian Arab Jamahiriya, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Russian Federation, Senegal, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Russian Federation, Senegal, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Russian Federation, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Republic of Korea, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Republic of Korea, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Senegal, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Republic of Korea, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, United States of America, United States of America and the United Nations
The French version of the United Nations Information Information Laboratory was issued.
The Conference began in plenary meeting its consideration of agenda item 21 (e) of the report of the Conference at its 7th and 8th meetings, on 4 and 5 September, before the continuation and adoption of the draft report.
Noting also the essential role played by the United Nations Conference on the Standardization of Geographical Names and the sessions of the United Nations Group of Experts on Geographical Names,
Representative
Article 14
During its meeting with local NGOs, the attention of the expert has once again called on the need to provide uniforms to police officers and to ensure their training.
Table 28.17 Resource requirements: United Nations information centres
b.
(iv) Technical material: database on production, consumption and trade in forest products (1); a database on forest resources (1); a database on assistance to countries in transition in the forest sector (1); on a web site of documents on meetings, excerits of publications and information on activities related to the sub-shipment programme (1);
The Special Rapporteur has received detailed information on trafficking in children and prostitution involving children, among others, the challenges of children, ministries of government, police, including the Central Agency for the Suppression of Human Trafficking and the Office of the Protection of Children, as well as several NGOs.
(b) For meetings of governing bodies and other intergovernmental meetings, the provisions of the rules of procedure that relate to linguistic services should be strictly respected, unless otherwise decided by participants; if secretariats are not able to provide pre-session documents in all the appropriate languages of their commitment, they should, in exceptional terms, shall be entitled to pre-session or summary-to-date documents in the relevant languages;
Although the WIPO secretariat informed the Inspectors that it did not have the expression “internal language”, [sign]] [and]] it should be pointed out that, when the General Assembly of this organization considered a report entitled “Use of Portuguese as a working language of WIPO” (W/GA/26/26, at its session of September-October 2000, he recalled the decision of the Portuguese bodies in 1979 that “the language of work in the country of the United Nations”.
Such a exercise could be carried out in the context of a inventory analysis of the staff of staff that should be fully provided by the periodic data provided to Member States on the composition of the secretariat or human resources management.
It is also pointed out that the time frame of translation will be added to the normal deadlines of implementation.
It could be possible to expand the peer review process of the Committee for Development of the Development of Economic Cooperation of the Organization for Economic Cooperation in order to include trade policies, debt relief policies and other economic policies, as proposed by the Human Development Report 2003.
The Committee urges the State party to develop and implement general programmes of study, including human rights and gender, and to disseminate information on the Convention to change stereotypical attitudes on the roles of men and women, and in particular to accept the idea that education of children is social responsibility for mothers and fathers.
In addition, indicators to take account of school dropout and teenage pregnancy in national surveys on fertility had been developed.
The Committee reiterates its concern that he had expressed its consideration of its consideration of the third periodic report concerning the Act on the period of the period of 300 days of the wife's wife or divorce prior to them.
The Committee recommends that the State party take further measures to ensure that everyone is able to reconcile better family responsibilities and responsibilities and promote equitable sharing of domestic and family responsibilities between men and women.
The Committee is concerned that there is no systematic collection of data on violence against women, including domestic violence.
According to law on banks (No. 483/2001 Coll.
(b) A fine of $5000,000, which is a moral personality.
On 16 May 2002, the Governments of Argentina and the United Kingdom issued a press press on the exchange of correspondence related to visits to the diamond-related visits of the South Sandwich Islands and the South Sandwich Islands, including:
The facts and the history of contracts in relation to the project were discussed in paragraphs 304 to 312.
This amount includes USD 2,3003,842 for the work and materials that would have been delivered on the basis of the project and (b) USD 1,457,674 under the secured guarantees that the OOG would be retained.
The evidence show that the work of the same number of assumptions (sumes and 61) were executed after 2 May 1990.
In addition, the Consortium provided a satisfactory explanation of the departure of Iraq's employees, because the assets of projects were left without monitoring.
No other deduction was incurred after Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait, and the customs authorities have never removed the amount of fines (IQD 3482) who had been transferred to the Consortium.
In short, the Committee shall take into account these reports and recommendations, whenever possible, and to reduce the costs of their translation.
Agenda item 102: Third United Nations Conference on the Least Developed Countries (continued)
In addition, in relation to the follow-up to major United Nations conferences and summits, the Council must play a central role in monitoring the progress made towards the various objectives set out by those conferences.
Recalling the United Nations Millennium Declaration, in which heads of State and Government committed to spare any effort to ensure that the Kyoto Protocol enters into force and to begin to implement reductions for greenhouse gas emissions,
That suggestion was not accepted, but it was hoped that the authors would wish to ask whether a less often less often less often not in the future.
In November 2002, the Minister of Interior and Construction of the Turks and Caicos Islands agreed to convene a National Human Rights Committee.
The agenda was adopted.
It was therefore requested to provide the Committee the necessary resources to fulfil its duties.
It cannot justify, in any way, to be tolerated by such smuggling, which are still serious.
Requests the Secretary-General:
In the context of sustainable development, Namibia attaches great importance to promoting the equitable use of the resources of the oceans and the protection and preservation of the marine environment.
With regard to the follow-up to the Millennium Summit, it should be pointed out by the Secretary-General's observation in his report, namely that the objectives could be achieved by 2015, by 2015, and to increase the momentum in the past three years.
For the democratically elected Government of India, it cannot be more important or more than the eradication of poverty.
A death in the actual circumstances that have not been clarified in the camp's detention camp, in which the Liberian combatants who seek refuge in Sierra Leone.
The recovery of heavy weaponry began in Mazar-e-Sharif, but the pilot phase of disarmament, demobilization and reintegration will start until early January in order to allow sufficient time to verify the four divisions in the area, as well as the list of 2,000 soldiers and officers to participate in the operation, as well as in the pilot phases of Kunduz and the Pundu.
However, these means should not be available before the beginning of 2004, at the time that five provincial reconstruction teams in the northern part of the country should go into the command of ISAF.
The activities for which the most important core resources should be identified:
UNIFEM strategies
Consideration of the work of the Special Rapporteur on violence against women, its causes and consequences (E/CN.4/2003/75); Report of the Secretary-General on women, peace and security (S/2002/114); Women, War and Peace: Report of the Secretary-General on Women, Peace and Security (S/2002/114); Women, War and Peace: Independent Evaluation of the Impact of Armed Conflict against Women, 2003)
The Group considers that the illicit imports of illegal weapons have increased significantly by the Government of Liberia in 2002.
Comments and recommendations
At the same time, the United Nations agencies currently establish five regional offices in Saclelea (comit of Nimba), Voinjama (comle de Lenaa), Gbarga-Phebe (comy of Bong), Hary (comit of Maryland) and Zwedru (comy Grand Geyh), where they provide humanitarian assistance within the country.
Taylor has exercised its control on all industries in the legitimate, lawful or illicit industries, Liberia.
Bilateral and multilateral agencies
The weakening of tribal groups would be due to improving the economic situation, the opportunities offered by power, social resistance, especially those of freedom of liberty and democracy, but also in the action of the law, and if my I have lost the fact that they have been able to have a number of young people.
Today, the Ministry of Religious Affairs, in accordance with the Ministry of Religious Affairs, has 111,941,11 in operation, including 140 would be in the process of completion and 1,097 in the course of achieving.
Working papers prepared by major groups will be issued as addenda to the present note.
Parliamentary documentation: report submitted to the Commission on the work of the Committee on Energy at its fifth session;
22.41 The subprogramme is expected to achieve the objectives set out and to achieve expected accomplishments in the context of which: (a) the ESCWA member States will support efforts to encourage the use of information technology and communication to improve competitiveness and productivity; (b) have sufficient infrastructure and technology technology to promote the creation of networks and connectivity; (c) Member States will be able to follow up to the recommendations made at the World Summit on Information Society.
The situation concerning the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Ms. Idrissi (Morocco) said that Islam is a religion of tolerance; the Shari has been fully compatible with human rights.
In particular, it was in particular to define al-libor of the strict range of life and exit of the vehicle station, as the system of the problem is high.
In collaboration with researchers of Lawrence Lushore National Laboratory (United States) and the College of the University of London, the Jewish history of natural history has continued to assess technical techniques in the area of square ordnance in a given person.
The main challenges to development in development should be linked to the equipment of the United Nations, in its system of practice and orbit, and its elements of guidance, navigation and control, to the overall approach to a safe and unpredictable manner.
At least two of the differences (un.e. a satellite of the Radio and the Inter-entry of a man's case) were produced on the geostationary orbit, but the associated associateds are not been registered, which means that their or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her
Item 3.
“The Security Council supports the commitment made by the Interim Administration of Afghanistan to eradicate drug production by 2013 and its efforts to implement decrees prohibiting culture, production and transformation of opium poppy, including illicit drug trafficking and drug addiction.
The list of these issues was submitted by the author at the UNCTAD meeting held in 2002 in Bangkok:
Regional and global approaches are not contradictory but rather complementary and interdependent.
• Regional security considerations;
Minimum standards applicable to treatment of drug abusers
At its 8th, 20th and 25th meetings, on 9 and 22 May 2003, the Committee considered quadrennial reports of previous sessions under agenda item 4.
The Secretariat will prepare a draft letter of letter, to distribute the members of the working group.
With regard to the design of the content, emphasis on the design of products and services in languages, publications and the presentations that provide the dissemination and use of the media and users.
• In order to expand its outreach, the regional information centre will work closely with the offices of resident coordinators in the countries where it is in place and will conclude partnerships with institutions and national organizations, such as the United Nations associations.
Phase 2 was completed by 4 February 2002 with the entry into place of the new multilingual system, which are fully engaged in the environmentally sound management of the environment of the environment, to allow users to select among the six official languages.
(14) The Committee regrets the lack of clarity in the right to law and practice governing custody, the duration of such custody and access to a lawyer in this regard.
The State party should take appropriate measures to enable the National Human Rights Commission to function, in accordance with the Principles on the Status of National Institutions for the Promotion and Protection of Human Rights (“ Paris Principles”), as set out in General Assembly resolution 48/132.
Information on measures taken by the authorities to prosecute the perpetrators of trafficking, as well as more specific information on the number of victims and the number of children with regard to protection, repatriation and reintegration, should be provided in the next periodic report.
Both programming arrangements that the biennial support budget are fully consistent with the period of reclassification.
Ms. Shin wishes to congratulate Mexico for organizing the first World Conference on Women and ratified the Convention and the Optional Protocol.
Men's equality and women is of particular importance to economic and social development.
As a result, UNISPACE III was mainly for objectives:
The Ministry of Justice has received requests for registration by over 100 parties.
Examples of initiatives aimed at strengthening the capacity of LDCs in the implementation of the principles of good governance, should be given in particular funding, by the Ministry of International Development, a programme of reform of local administration in the United Republic of Tanzania; the support provided by the G-8 to the New Partnership for Africa's Development, which covers the participation of the United Republic of Tanzania and the United Republic of Tanzania, and the participation of donors in the United Republic of Tanzania, and the participation of donors in the United Republic of Tanzania on the basis of the development of the United Republic of Tanzania.
A number of donors — Canada, Italy, Japan and the United Kingdom, for example, had announced an additional debt relief and, in the absence of the reserves of the HIPC Fund, some had decided to increase their contribution to the Fund, which had announced debt cancellation of African countries and free-free admission.
I would also like to thank the Secretary-General for his last report on the situation in Timor-Leste (S/2003/24), and the Under-Secretary-General for his briefing.
The relations in Jakarta will be standardized; the members of the militias in West Timor seem, in which we are widely demobilized.
We appreciate the continued cooperation and goodwill of the Government of Indonesia.
Finally, I would like to emphasize that, as stated in the Secretary-General, the stability of the country will depend on the political commitment of leadership in the rule of law and continuing efforts to strengthen governance.
Security Council
A mechanism was placed at the rostrum of the General Assembly in order to assist speakers in respect of the time limit.
The general debate will be broadcast directly on the website and archtel to address at www.un.org/webcast.
Agenda item 11
The other entity in which the representative of Turkey is one of one — and I are in the case of the European Code of Human Rights, the country of Turkey, and any other.
The European Network of Anti-Corruption Network also organizes, each year, in Monecoo, Italy, the Cetle of the world-based world, a cultural and sports event that meets artists and the non-commercial and private non-governmental properties of migrants.
Report of the Secretary-General on the activities of the Office of Internal Oversight Services
Round table on the theme “The risks of biological weapons”
Article 34
(b) If spouses are all two staff members of the Secretariat, one of the members of the couple only may benefit for children under the provisions of sub-paragraph (i) and (ii) of subparagraph (a) above, the other which may take advantage of the provisions under subparagraph (iii) of the requirements required;
The consideration of this issue resulted in a discussion of measures aimed at enhancing transparency in small arms and light weapons.
Given the importance of partnership in the implementation of sustainable development programmes, participants at the meeting have invited more initiatives and encouraged potential partners to invest in the region.
Annex II
Annex III
(ii) Matters relating to registries under Article 7 of the Kyoto Protocol
Welcomes the conclusions on the Middle East made by the Conference of the Parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons in 2000;
Gravely concerned about the discrimination that have been done in relation to girls and violations of their rights, all of which are often often aware of their access to education, adequate food and mental health and mental health, as well as the benefits of the rights, opportunities and benefits of children and adolescents, as well as the physical, social and economic exploitation of the child, the age of sexual, social and economic activities, as well as the treatment of the child, the age of sexual, social and economic exploitation,
Emphasizing that the Convention on the Rights of the Child should establish the standard for the promotion and protection of the rights of the child, and recognizing the importance of the optional protocols to the Convention, which addresses children in armed conflict and the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography, as well as other relevant human rights instruments,
Urges States that have not yet done so to consider signing and ratifying the Optional Protocols to the Convention on Children in Armed Conflict and the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography or to accede to them, and urges them to fully implement them;
Convinced that collective action is better results, it considers that all nations that are able to do so should contribute to their capacity, which is not the case today.
This is the management of data and mine action standards.
I did not intend to prejudge the intentions of the high-level group of eminent personalities on United Nations reform but, in my opinion, the role of the Security Council is to ensure that mine action be included in peacekeeping mandates and, if appropriate, are included.
See, in general, Best Practices in Poverty Reduction: An Strategic Framework Framework, Elfe Üad (d.
Requests the Secretariat to transmit to States, as soon as possible as possible at the end of the session of the Commission, chapter II of the report of the Committee, which are summarized by the work of the session, chapter III, where the views of States would be particularly interesting for the Commission, and the draft articles adopted in the first and second reading;
In the establishment of the United Nations, the administering Powers are committed under the Charter, to ensure that the territories under their administration are able to achieve self-government.
The President: If no other delegation wishes to make a general statement, the First Committee will take action on draft resolution A/C.1/58/L.46/Rev.1.
Decides that the Special Committee will take place in 2003, within the limits of available resources, at least one session of 10 working days, before the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly;
One of the results of this meeting was the development of a framework and methodology for policy and legislation policies.
A. 7, chapter I, resolution 1, annex.
In conclusion, Liberia is now in the urgent need for assistance and support from the international community.
Saint Lucia, which chairs the Assembly, is in the process of preparing a historic precedent for small island developing States, with the support of those neighbours of the Caribbean Community.
What will be the outcome of the consumer industries and the emerging industries of the poor countries?
It is important that all nations of the world recognize that what has happened in Iraq — the atrocities of yesterday, reconstruction, today — is a historic historical event and that the international community must promote such reconstruction and be in this regard.
He paid tribute to the States parties to the Ottawa Convention, noting that, although China had not been signed, it did not prevent exchanges and cooperate with the signatories.
Of the 2500,000 people who have been killed in the circumstances of the war since 1989, at least half of the non-combatants are non-combatants.
(f) Facilitating the free movement of persons, humanitarian assistance and property throughout the territory of Liberia and beyond its borders;
Article 1
In cases of infringement of women's rights in any kind of employment, the person concerned has the right to take the court in accordance with the Civil Procedure Code.
There are several non-governmental organizations that have focused on family planning issues.
Despite these efforts, the Group has been disabled in its work by a number of factors, their limited strength, the size of its operational budget, and the division of the country, as well as by the alignment of various media bodies on the positions of one or the other camp and the use of information infrastructure outside the capital.
Despite that, the Assembly still continues to refer to the prosecution that it is not able to fulfil the mandate entrusted to the Charter of the United Nations.
It is therefore encouraging, in view of the commitment to complete phase II of the phase of the elimination of weapons before 24 December 2002, as envisaged, to note that the Plan of Action to conduct the collection of weapons was adopted at the Buka meeting on 17 February.
Disarmament remains the key to progress in the peace process, in the context of the Bougainville Peace Agreement.
Agenda item 134
Recalling its resolution 53/29 of 20 November 1998, on the financing of the United Nations Observer Mission in Sierra Leone, and its subsequent resolutions on the question, the latest of which is resolution 5711 of 20 December 2002,
In this case, it is a unilateral unilateral act of collective origin, adopted by an international organization, within the framework of its expertise and in accordance with its rules, through a General Assembly resolution.
Naturally, this should be done under the supervision of the United Nations Organization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (MONUC) and with donor assistance.
Mr. Akram (Pakistan): I would like to thank you, Sir, for convening this very important meeting on the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
At the same time, we believe that there is a need to act closely.
I also thank Mr. Guéhenno for his briefing this morning.
Nepal is willing to assist in the best capacity of the people of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, through the United Nations, by providing troops and other resources.
The recommendations of the Committee complement the activities carried out by bodies and intergovernmental processes, including at the high-level conferences and high-level conferences held since the submission of the last report in 2001, such as the World Summit on Sustainable Development in Johannesburg in September 2002 and the International Conference on Financing for Development in March 2002.
Due to their geographical and economic isolation and their marginalization, they are often more vulnerable than other forms of violence, especially family and trafficking.
Division of Africa II
Fourteen countries have benefited from more than $4 million.
Members of the Council agreed that the support of the international community and the United Nations was essential, and that Angola is trying to resolve certain humanitarian problems.
I invite Mr. Stephen to take a seat at the Council table.
Mr. Aisi (Papua New Guinea): Mr. President, for convening this meeting.
I believe that, at the end of the year, UNDP will be particularly well placed to develop and strengthen the capacity of Bougainville to the extent of its technical and other expertise.
With the support of the Palestinian army, the Serb forces have taken the control of some parts of the Western Sahara and the Eastern Slavonia, leaving those territories in a single State, “Report of Republika Srpska Krajina”.
The fight against desertification is an important element of sustainable development in more than a environmental problem.
This cooperation allows to link individuals and enterprises in developing countries and help to attract national and foreign investment for the development and modernization of productive capacities, which increases the competitive position of the manufacturing of developing countries.
For our part, Jordan rejects all of the evil and occupation-based campaigns aimed at denial of Arabs and Muslims in the criminalization of terrorists.
There were, however, the discussions that took place before the war, and it continues to remain controversial, a great challenge in the allocation of the power in the international arena after the cold war.
The suicide attacks that target innocent civilians must end, and the occupation of Arab land must stop.
As we can see, it is essential that the General Assembly reflects its primacy in the United Nations and that the work of the Economic and Social Council are more visible and more relevant for the ordinary population.
Stresses the need to establish a transitional administration in Iraq, under the control of the United Nations and governed by the Organization, to ensure stability and create conditions for durable peace and respect for human rights.
As to the follow-up to paragraph 166 of the Bangkok Plan of Action, the fact that future future would welcome more participants.
The review process was not a renegotiation of the Bangkok Plan of Action.
It was generally recognized that indicators relating to political policy, both at the national or international level, were more difficult to identify indicators relating to achieving concrete results such as some types of technical assistance.
As part of the establishment of new mechanisms, the issue of stability of flows should receive sufficient attention.
The errors of this type mentioned in the report, which might seem to be bad, were in serious and fundamental reality if it was in a political context.
He wished to inform the representative in question that, as a result of the historical son that he had chosen to do so, it was necessary to compare the tragic events of the Holocaust, in which 6 million Jews had been sacrificed, with the political differences between Israelis, Arabs and Palestinians.
C. Accreditation of intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations, and admission of observers 29 - 30 7
Decides to amend the Statute of the United Nations Administrative Tribunal, with effect on 1 January 2004:
Assistance provided to developing countries within the framework of their multilateral trade trade negotiations remained a priority for UNCTAD, whose contribution in this area was recognized as historic.
Adoption of the agenda
(c) Statistics (E/2003/24)
The Secretary-General shall transmit to the members of the General Assembly a report prepared by the Secretary-General of the World Tourism Organization, in response to Economic and Social Council resolutions 1998/40 of 30 July 1998, and 53/200 of 15 December 1998.
It also participated in several ministers, representatives of intergovernmental organizations, members of the diplomatic corps accredited to the United Nations and representatives of national and non-governmental organizations.
Fifty-seventh session
(c) Where transactions have been carried out with or by natural or legal persons residing in countries that are not cooperating with the International Financial Response Group (FATF).
Resolution S-23/3, annex.
In accordance with General Assembly resolution 54/55 A of 1 December 1999, the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights established, in cooperation with the Department of Political Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat, the Subregional Centre for Human Rights and Democracy in Central Africa, in Yaoundé.
Reaffirms that good governance in each country and at the international level is essential for sustainable development and, at the national level, social and economic policies, democratic institutions in the needs of people, the supremacy of the right, anti-corruption measures, gender equality and an environment conducive to investment, and are essential for the provision of adequate housing as a component of the right to an adequate standard of living;
Item 2 of the provisional agenda*
The decrease is due to the gradual reduction of civilian police personnel, which will be reduced from 3,055 men in July 2004 to 2 June 2005.
The authors of the report concluded that the combination of the evaluation based on the wide sharing of views and a multisectoral approach.
Emphasizes that all future and future peacekeeping missions should be treated in the same manner, without discrimination, for financial and administrative arrangements;
The members of the Bureau, elected at the thirty-ninth session, were Ms. F. Al-Ghazali (Oman), Chairperson, and Mr. V. Mvvich (Belarus), Vice-Chairperson/Rapporteur.
Insolvency law
I would also like to express our thanks to the President of the Economic and Social Council for his very valuable comments on the contribution of the Economic Commission for the Peace Process.
The provision of 51 is approved and referred to the drafting group.
Following the deliberations held at the nineteenth session of the Committee on Programme and Budget, the Director-General appointed the Director-General of the Division for Programme Development and Technical Cooperation to further increase the evaluation and develop indicators of performance.
Prior to the recurrence of other integrated programmes and to adopt such a combined approach as a model method of UNIDO, the framework of indicators is currently being tested in Tanzania.
Draft resolutions to be adopted by the Council
Annex II
The claim of the Republic of Macedonia on six-month contracts with INOC for the sale of items to be used in the oil areas in Iraq.
Although the basis for such comparisons is not ideal, as already mentioned, the elements that UNIDO has a disproportionately disproportionate burden of concern that it manages the entire buildings of the VIC are sufficiently convincing.
NEPAD is promoting the establishment of subregional and regional infrastructure.
The widening of the scope of reservations seemed clear to the late formulation of a reservation and is why the restrictions adopted in the latter case (see guideline 2.3.1 to 2.3.3) should be replicated in the case of assessing the scope of reservations, which is reflected in the practice of a common practice, including the same.
Draft guideline 2.6.1 proposes a definition of objections, taking into account the theoretical considerations and the study of practice.
When landfills are properly sealed, the risk of oil-borne pollution in the underlying waters is inviolable.
Please describe legislative measures and/or administrative measures to give effect to the travel ban.
The import and export procedures of arms are the subject of responses to issues 22 and 23 and any other activities that are under such proceedings is considered as a offence in the terms of criminal law applicable in this case.
Space space:
A list of space systems on sustainable development.
Mr. Zhang Yanan (China) (spoke in Chinese): At the time of 11 years, the General Assembly adopted each year of resolutions calling for all countries to abide by the Charter of the United Nations and to comply with the principles contained in the international legal instruments, in contrast to the legitimate interests of individuals or persons under their jurisdiction and to the freedom of trade and navigation.
While there is still a strong setback to any political dialogue and continues to deny the Cuban people of the most basic rights recognized in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
The assignment of assets would be drawn up with the Mission.
Office of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General
Chapter Page
Once again arrived at 9.10 hours, the Inspectors met with the Director of the Treasury to identify issues relating to these sites, the type of medicines and diagnostic diagnostic equipment, the structure of the enterprise and the names of its main officials, and asked whether vaccines had been imported and distributed and whether changes were produced during the past four years.
A ceiling of 24 per cent and a maximum rate of 0.01 per cent will be used for the establishment of the scale of assessments of States Parties for the Tribunal's budget (see para.
At the twelfth Meeting of States Parties, it was decided that the Tribunal should continue to carry out its current practice with regard to the contributions of staff, pending the adoption of a decision based on a detailed proposal that the Tribunal should submit to the thirteenth Meeting of States Parties (SPLOS/88).
Article 13 of the above Act provides a separate legal basis for persons who organize a strike or participate in the movement.
Equal access to higher public education allows for the use of high-school schools who wish to continue their studies to achieve good results at the secondary level.
Outcome, phenomena such as soil erosion and the depletion of plant and animal species in some sectors (such as rivers, rivers and lakes) could undermine the harmonious development of Montenegro, which means, by contrast, that the current poverty reduction rate is to be maintained.
The Employment Act was adopted in 2002 and its implementation is under way.
In accordance with the ILO Convention No. 102 of 1952 on social security (art.imumimum), those who had paid over the age of 20 years have the right to retire under the age of 65 years for men and 60 years for women, after 15 years of contributions.
See annex II.
The European Union stresses the importance of rapid deployment of the force of an interference from the international stabilization force.
Do you met with the problems related to the presentation of names and the identification of information in the list of the list?
Letter dated 27 October 2003 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the General Assembly*
Thirdly, the principles of the Convention on the Purpose of Crimes of War and Crimes against humanity of 26 November 1968 must be allowed, in this case, to apply fully to the same as those, regardless of the Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide of 9 December 1948.
We have secured guarantees for the protection of children, but they remain without results.
This approach should be re-evaluated by the Security Council, as it is cynyn, anachronism and constitutes a violation of the ceasefire and truce agreed.
Concerned about the fate of many Kuwaiti and nationals of States affected missing since 2 August 1990,
(We hope that the gender equality principle will be applied.
Geneva, 27 and 28 November 2003
In its resolution 44/21, the General Assembly
The discussion of this theme is therefore a absolute necessity and has been very important.
Before the adoption of the draft resolution, the representative of Sierra Leone made a statement on his position (see A/C.6/58/SR.4).
Unless I hear any objection, I shall put the draft resolution to the vote now.
Under agenda item 117 (b):
The Committee also reviewed several claims relating to commercial or commercial losses that claims claimed due to Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
b Excludes the amount of USD 2,419,833, with respect to commercial or industrial losses incurred by Kuwaiti companies, whose review will be assigned to the “E4” Panels in accordance with decision 123 of the Governing Council.
Stresses the need to combat the widest broad acceptance, for the operation and realization of the right to development at the international level, and calls upon States to make the necessary actions and to establish the measures necessary for the implementation of the right to development as human rights;
Trends in the situation of human rights since the signing of the peace agreements
That is why the next Government must urgently be on the success of police officials, judges, prosecutors and human rights activists whose dedication and courage are the basis for reform.
There is no further global definition of universal human rights obligations that are under the right to education.
The truth concerning the events of Khodjali
This reference to international organizations was motivated by the inclusion, paragraph 1, (i) of article 2, paragraph 1, of the following definition:
At its 9th and 10th meetings, held on 16 and 17 June 2003, the Committee for Programme and Coordination considered sub-items and the introduction of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 (A/58/6 (Introduction)).
In order to consider the new priorities, it was necessary to identify the remaining activities.
Agenda items 120, 121 and 161
Elections took place in 1982 to elect the Constituent Assembly which has established, ratified and proclaimed the Constitution of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of Lithuania, which governs the institutional life of the nation.
Decisions on the next meeting of the Committee on Budget and Finance, including the dates and venue.
Improving and modernizing the conference facilities of the United Nations Office at Nairobi in order to enable it to host in good terms of meetings and conferences
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Reaffirming the importance, guarantee and respect of human rights, the universal realization of the right of peoples to self-determination under the Charter of the United Nations and set out in the International Covenants on Human Rights, as well as in the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples, contained in General Assembly resolution 1514 (XV) of 14 December 1960,
Audit Division
The Subcommittee had before it a note by the Secretariat entitled “National research on space debris, safety of space objects with nuclear power sources and problems relating to their collision with space debris” (A/AC.105/789), as well as a working paper submitted by the Russian Federation on the use of nuclear power sources in outer space” (A/AC.105/L.265/Add.5 and Corr.1).
Space object: satellite is used for commercial and defence purposes.
The meeting rose at 11.35 a.m.
S/2003/529, annex.
Also calls upon all Member States that have not yet done so to impose the financial institutions to implement it as appropriate comprehensive programmes for the precautionary and vigilance duty that can promote transparency and prevent the use of funds acquired in the illicit manner;
We greatly appreciate the initiative of the countries concerned to contribute to the establishment of a global assessment mechanism of the marine environment, which was based on a previous resolution of the General Assembly, resolution 57/141, and on the report of the Secretary-General and now in draft resolution A/58/L.19.
We suggest the establishment by the General Assembly of a mechanism for cooperation and inter-agency coordination and coordination within the United Nations system to fill the vacuum left by the abolition of the Subcommittee on Oceans and Coastal Areas.
In ratifying the Convention, we have affirmed our belief in the implementation of the rule of law for the oceans of the world.
The outcome of the project, including specific recommendations on the minimization of biodiversity risks caused by mining activities to the oceans of the oceans, will be transmitted by the Authority to the international community.
In the context of the recovery of the minimum salary scale, the Commission noted that the issue of possible changes to the rate of staff assessment to address imbalances at the level of the Tax Equalization Fund had been addressed with the United Nations Secretariat, which indicated that no change was required.
On 20 September, he would have been arbitrary arrest of members of a humanitarian commission composed of NGOs, central centres and the Office of the Ombudsman of the People's People's Ombudsman, which was in the area to support the farmers of the Caucasus.
There is a need to report the adoption of Act No. 7477 of 2002, including trafficking in persons with criminal offence.
Human rights and terrorism
Item 7 (i) of the provisional agenda* questions of coordination, questions and other questions: United Nations study on information technology and communications
This support should enable the rural economy to resume and contribute to the reduction of poverty.
The experience of the United Nations itself shows that in most cases, the role of the Organization in post-conflict situations is set up and structured through the scope and nature of its participation in each phase of the settlement of the conflict.
In addition, the implementation of disarmament, demobilization and reintegration programmes of ex-combatants, combating trafficking in arms, particularly small arms and light weapons, the return of refugees and internally displaced persons and the promotion of human rights.
I would also like, at this stage of our debate, to make some comments, and first on developments in the time of the Council's work.
It is sufficient to discuss some of these conflicts to understand that the role of the United Nations would vary considerably from post-conflict situations.
Before considering the role of the United Nations to break those conflicts, I would like to make a comment on those conflicts themselves.
We firmly believe that to be credible and effective, the Council must enjoy the full trust and full support of the international community.
He also stressed the fact that the Charter should be the foundation for the legitimacy of all international actions.
The Network highlighted how various partners of the international community could cooperate in addressing the various dimensions of this challenge.
Guidance for the countries of the Youth Employment Network*
Opening of the session
The preparatory work will indicate, in relation to paragraph 2 (a) of this article, that a State Party may choose to establish procedures to recognize and enforce a foreign decision for freezing or seizure, to be based on such a decision to seek its own decision to freeze or before it.
Governments have recourse to the security legislation to justify the censorship of some information on human rights and to exercise reprisals against defenders.
Assessment of effects: number of Parties provided a estimate of the impact of different policies on the transport sector, Australia, Austria, Bulgaria, European Community, Spain, Germany, Italy, Norway, Norway, the Netherlands, Sweden and Switzerland.
Policies and measures with the most broad objectives that the only fight against climate change: the most prevalent policies reported in the agriculture sector under this category.
The policies and measures aimed at combating the emissions of CH.4 per cent of animal animals are focusing on the decrease in the number of livestock from the increase in the strength of the national phone, and the intensification of high-scale practices in the area of the increase in the reduction of livestock, in the light of the reduction of the production of the P2s, in the light of the reduction of the production of the P2s.
The special session of 2003 on the budget of the Executive Board of UNICEF will be held on 1 and 2 December 2003 in Conference Room 2.
Statements were made by the representatives of the Syrian Arab Republic and Lebanon.
The fifth network on renewable energy sources should be established before the end of 2003.
These networks should facilitate the implementation of the Convention at the national and cross-border levels.
The present case of contemporary terminology provides such as “reasonable circumstances” or “the Internet Internet”, as well as the delay of transmission and treatment of the information inflicted at any reality, or in any case of the alleged loss.
All countries that provide certain economic functions have a common focus on the fact that the function is within the enterprise or place between several enterprises.
Many of the measures that have been conducted in the past few years would have been impossible without advances in concepts and definitions through practitioners of the OECD Working Group on Indicators for the Information Society.
Finally, the Secretariat should indicate the share of extrabudgetary resources allocated to each of the chapters considered during the previous previous bienniums.
Replace paragraph (vi) by the following paragraph:
In Ghana, the HIV/AIDS prevalence rate of 3.4 per cent had not decreased over the past two years, although it is less than other countries in West Africa in the area of 5 per cent to 11 per cent.
We are now one of the major donors in East Asia and the Pacific on commitments and expenditures.
In this context, it is important to reiterate the guidance that we are committed to Tunisia, since the change of 7 November 1987, and which have chosen, among priorities, human rights education, their various dimensions and in their global approach, and which include the fight against illiteracy, poverty and disease.
The ambitions of hegemism imposed to the most small countries in the region of the obligation to make due to military expenditures, despite limited resources, to protect their independence and territorial integrity.
After eight months of release, Iraqis will begin to move with their allies and friends, and they look forward to the assistance of the international community under the aegis of the United Nations.
If the table does not provide a favourable element of caution for such a category of sources, it is necessary to use a factor for a category of similar characteristics.
Annex II
Paragraph 1.10
Amend paragraph 3 as follows:
Calls upon all States to promote and respect the human rights of all persons regardless of their situation;
Decides to continue its consideration of the item at its sixtieth session under the agenda item entitled “Question of the violation of human rights and fundamental freedoms, wherever possible in the world”.
We also welcome Mr. Jacques Klein to the Special Representative of the Secretary-General for Liberia.
From this point, my country believes that Kosovo has not yet attained the level of economic and social development, but also political, which would allow it to consider the issue of final status in an immediate event.
It should be noted in particular the recent return of Kosovo Serb representatives to the Assembly of Kosovo; it is a good sign.
This transfer is of paramount importance.
In Kosovo, there is still much work to do so.
The Office of the Kosovo Protection Corps is likely to destabilize the region, which could lead to a new wave of inter-ethnic violence.
Comprehensive review of the structure of posts to the United Nations Secretariat
Approves, in principle, the scenario proposed by the Secretary-General that the new building of the United Nations would be occupied by a contract of lease after the end of which it would be a owner of the building and the ground on which it would be built;
Decides to further consider conference services and support services to the Counter-Terrorism Committee in 2003, in the light of the review of the review of the Committee's activities;
A/57/7/Add.10.
Enterprises are increasingly increasingly committed to submitting reports on the effects they can have on society and how they operate.
The text of its statement on the remaining five reports, which covers the entire system, will be communicated to delegations in time.
A number of activities that have evolved considerably in the past few years is the preparation of documents for the crew of ships.
Section III of the Criminal Code, entitled “International criminal offences against freedom of liberty”, provides in article 151, that anyone deprive others of their liberty by illegal channels is punishable by a sentence of six months to three years of prison; if the act includes the use of the threat, abuse or punishment of the victim, or the punishment of the victim, or the punishment of the victim, as a result of a serious breach of the person's property or property.
Any regulations and laws apply to each component of the sanctions regime imposed by resolution 1390 (2002) and confirmed by resolution 1455 (2003).
Please submit to the Committee, as possible, the names of individuals or entities associated with Osama bin Laden or members of the Taliban or Al-Qaida whose name are not included in the list, unless the disclosure of such information would not undermine the investigation or implementation of such information.
The main African commitment to South Africa in the Middle East conflict, as evidenced by the fact that the Presidential Seminar for Peace of Spain is to enhance the strengthening of peace in Israel and Palestine; the sharing of South Africa experience with a wide range of civil society and with the Governments of Israel and Palestine; contribution to the reform process in Palestine and support for international peace efforts.
Although the withdrawal of the UNMIK military component was completed on 20 April 1996, most of the administrative staff had been entitled to leave the Mission's mission to date, in accordance with the wish expressed by the Government of Rwanda.
(a) On the basis of the sources received, approximately 60 per cent of the territory of Liberia were under the control of rebels;
Section
In the Stockholm Declaration, the international community undertook to share the responsibility for reducing the social and environmental vulnerability of the region (billal) to rebuild and transform Central America as the principles of transparency and good governance, to consolidate democracy and good governance, to strengthen the decentralization process, with the active participation of children and ethnic groups;
During the reporting period, the Council considered many major issues of great interest for the maintenance of international peace and security, in Europe, Asia, including the Middle East, Oceania, in Africa.
In security, the Special Representative of the Secretary-General said that the fighting in the north-east of the north-General, in the south, in the south-eastern region, were threats.
They called for the expansion of the membership of the Security Council to enable it to recover its legitimacy, more representative of the state of the global economy and better reflect.
I have the honour to refer to the letter that you sent to President Philippe Kirsch on 30 April 2003 concerning the complaint submitted by Judge Navanemem Jillay, President of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda, aimed at extending a extension of its mandate to the Tribunal until that was done in the case of the media.
Welcoming the increased attention to the situation of women and girls and the integration of gender mainstreaming in the work of the United Nations, in particular in the outcomes of major conferences, special sessions and summits, as well as in the follow-up to the United Nations, and reiterating its commitment to support the progress made,
In accordance with the rotation principle established by the Commission, the Chairman of the Commission at its twelfth session will be from the Group of Eastern European States, and the Rapporteur of the Group of African States.
The Committee shall take action against this post for the reasons set out in the general report.
Ms. patents said that the Committee's concern on the age of the age of marriage for the reunification of families is a consequence of its mandate to eliminate discrimination against women.
Ms. Schöpp-Schilling asked whether there were special measures, such as provisions relating to the custody of children and classes, to encourage immigrant women to monitor the Danish courts.
Over the past two decades, governance has become a concern for both developed countries as well as for developing countries, especially those of all, in the beginning of the century, the same types of problems, although many different groups: corruption, economic stagnation, economic stagnation, ethnic conflicts and crime.
Organization of work of the session
Requests the administering Power to cooperate in the development of programmes specifically aimed at promoting the development of economic and productive activities, noting the special role of the Chamorro people in the development of Guam;
In accordance with rule 28 of the rules of procedure of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council, the attention of the Committee was drawn to the estimated administrative and programme budget implications of the draft decision.
OF THE CONVENTION OF THE CONVENTION OF THE CONVENTION OF THE CONVENTION OF THE COMTOED OF HUMAN RIGHTS
Stresses the importance of simplifying and harmonizing the requests of reports that the United Nations system to Member States and urges relevant United Nations agencies and bodies to adopt, in consultation with Member States, simplified and harmonized methodologies, and to assist developing countries, as appropriate and on their request, to develop reports on national data and statistics;
“The Government of India had previously referred to the State of Karnataka to leave the country to leave the Government of Ben Marie God.
Technology had a role to play in the expansion of access to information, particularly in the context of geographic information systems that, in the form of databases and software software, could improve access to planning, logistics (e.g. and to facilitate the participation of the public and other-purpose” and to enhance the public and development problems of the public.
Reports of the Fifth Committee (A/58/571 and Add.1)
The President: I now give the pleasure to take the words that, I believe, we are convinced that we have now concluded our work for the first part of the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly.
I have since December last year to a number of bilateral consultations, group or open to all, in Geneva and New York.
According to a view, policies with regard to the abuse of cannabis was not only a threat to public health, but also against the action undertaken by developing countries, which have made significant efforts and resources to reduce cannabis cultivation in their territory.
In collaboration with the National Commission for Women, the Office has initiated several discussions and consultations on legislative reforms on the status of women in Guyana.
Since the establishment of the system in 1993, 47 young girls have benefited from funds.
The first promotion of 116 students should be expected to obtain school school in 2003.
12.1 The basic objectives of the health sector are the increase in the life expectancy of all Muslim countries, reducing disparities between social groups, improving access to care and quality of care, and guarantees that health services are provided to affordable cost.
A number of measures have been taken to implement recommendations relating to the remedies of justice, including a bill that provides that lawyers provide accounts for their clients.
The General Assembly,
Invites the Secretary-General, in consultation with the Secretary-General of the Pacific Islands Forum, to take the necessary measures to promote and expand cooperation and coordination between the secretariats of the two organizations to enable them to better improve their common objectives;
Taking note of the report of the Secretary-General on the impact of new biotechnology, in particular on sustainable development, including food security, health and economic productivity,
In their conclusions, participants highlighted the importance of coordination activities to avoid duplication of efforts.
The learning programme is also a useful initiative.
UNITAR delegations worked with staff with the staff of various ministries and administrations concerned by the fight against AIDS and lessons learned from experience.
Mr. Elj (Syrian Arab Republic), speaking on behalf of the Group of Arab States, said that the statement made by the representative of Morocco on behalf of the Group of 77 and China.
The Department suggests that the problem could be resolved through new technologies.
Report of the Special Committee to Investigate Israeli Practices Affecting the Human Rights of the Palestinian People and Other Arabs of the Occupied Territories (resolutions 57/216, 57/128 of 11 December 2002 and 57/336 of 18 June 2003).
Exclusion of encumbered assets in the insolvency estate
(a) Sharing of information between bodies to enforce laws in sensitive areas or border areas; joint border control and control activities;
This form of integration was highlighted in the commitments made by participants at the Copenhagen Summit and the special session held in Geneva.
Agenda item 93 (b)
The Supreme Court of State Supervision oversees the economic activity of State institutions, the use and preservation of State funds by the Government of the central and local government, as well as economic activities of legal persons, which has more than half of the shares or actions (art. 162 to 165 of the Constitution).
Having also considered the letter of the Secretary-General to the President of the Security Council dated 7 May 2003 (S/2003/530) and the letter dated 1 May 2003 from the President of the International Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia addressed to the President of the Security Council,
If necessary, it would also serve as the follow-up to operational, financial and staff issues.
General and complete disarmament
Decides to include in the provisional agenda of its fifty-ninth session the item entitled “Oceans”.
Those who have pleaded and committed these crimes must be duly prosecuted and tried under international law.
General and complete disarmament: illicit trade in small arms and light weapons in all its aspects
Reaffirming its resolution 57/72 of 22 November 2002,
Address by His Excellency Mr. Nicanor Duarte Frutos, President of the Republic of Paraguay
Pakistan reported that it had concluded with 27 States of bilateral treaties of extradition, which included particular terrorist acts as offences, and reported that more than 45 terrorist suspects had been extradited under these treaties.
Such activities are currently being undertaken with the Commonwealth Secretariat on the drafting of legislative guides, with the Organization of American States to support the activities of the Agency for Haiti, and with the OSCE.
Thematic campaigns
A senior officer of the Department has visited in Brussels in June to review the preliminary proposals with the officials of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Foreign Affairs, including the proposed website.
This meeting offered an opportunity to exchange views between staff members of the Department of Public Information at Headquarters and their colleagues in field offices, as well as several delegates, on how to manage the concept of regionalization.
The official position of the Organization on issues that are responsible for the main accounts are communicated by the Office of the Spokesperson through the media, official statements, interviews and briefings.
Anyone who have been abandoned or other accommodation for livestock, without authorization of its owners, or the homeland surrounding forests that are available to water, even as individuals, is punishable by a sentence of 6 to 18 months.
The vacancy rates for posts in the Professional and higher categories in several sections of the budget (1 - 19 and 22 have been higher than the budgeted rates for the budget, which was due to delays in recruitment, appointment and/or promotion, separation and temporary temporary positions (A/58/558, para.
Under the Criminal Code, it is determined by “reruitment” to request a third party to do so, which is not in itself by law.
In Swiss law, many criminal standards applicable to terrorist acts and their financing (annex 1 to the first report of Switzerland, 19 December 2001, contains a list of such offences).
On 1 January 2002, the Act aimed at improving the protection of civil courts in cases of sexual violence and abuse, as well as to facilitate the allocation of marital housing in the case of separation (Gesetzzzzo-luro of zivygericht der Schutzes Gewale.
This is applicable only if the person was provided to the Federal Employment Service prior to receiving maternity benefits or to begin to raise children, or in cases where unemployment unemployment or unemployment has ceased to be paid.
A balanced participation of women and men in the political system has not yet been compromised.
• In addition to the growing number of divorces, women cannot rely on the pension pension;
Part II contains a presentation of measures adopted since 1998 to implement the provisions of the Convention.
In this regard, the Government of the Federal Government provides a series of measures aimed at improving the situation of the data in which the criminal statistics of the police and in carrying out a public record on violence against women.
In the context of the Second World Congress against Sexual Exploitation of Children for Commercial Change, held in December 2001 to Yokohama, it has become clear that there was a growing awareness of the problems that represented sexual exploitation of children and that many measures had been taken.
This decision aims at preventing and combating production, treatment, distribution and possession of pornographic materials involving children on the Internet.
- Offenders - differentiated to the place of inclusive;
(11) The judicial procedures undertaken in relation to Al-combatants who have committed sexual violence abroad
The previous regulations on the right to custody and the right of visit did not provide a right to custody for parents not married.
- Manual for the Social Rights of Equality in its Lre, prepared by the Ministry of State for the Equality of Women and Men;
- The right to all services of the Land and local authorities, as well as for all other legal persons under the supervision of the free-to-free State of the law, to work on the equal participation of women and men (section 15 of the Act on the Advancement of Women (Säg.
Social assistance, civil engagement
Guichbeela derungolonze “ Konzegericht Steie Förrrungung der Sichbettten Be Be Beigigung von Guen Männelieungung-zenen”
The only solution to the Middle East crisis, which is increasingly more serious, is the implementation of the road map prepared by the Quartet, as was said, in the Declaration of the Quartet at its last meeting in New York.
The question we consider the fragility of the situation and the importance of establishing a comprehensive peace agreement throughout the region of the Middle East.
Article 8 Exchange of information and documents
The Standing Committee decided at its twenty-sixth meeting in March 2003 that, as at the last two years, the debate, at the same time, would focus on the annual statement of the High Commissioner.
Programme questions, administration and finance
Since 1997 Member States of the International Association of Prosecutors and continue.
These measures should allow to locate and control the transfer of firearms.
Women and girls who are victims of such trafficking are subject to acts of violence and their fundamental rights seriously violated.
79th plenary meeting 23 December 2003
(Signed) Mohamed Ibn Chambas
Moreover, such as the Commission had excluded diplomatic and consular personnel from the scope of the study, the logical logic of the international organizations were excluded.
Administrative and financial questions 49 - 50 15
Consultations with non-governmental organizations.
We hope that we do not do so, and we will have the political will to move forward, as requested by the General Assembly in its resolution 55/25 entitled “Measures to restructure and revitalize the United Nations in the economic and social fields and related areas”.
We also join previous speakers to thank the Secretary-General of his report entitled “Integrated and coordinated implementation and follow-up to the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits in the economic and social fields and related areas” (A/58/359).
The national policy and national strategy for combating malaria was launched in 1995.
It is also essential to join local governments, civil society and the private sector in the development and implementation of road safety policies.
It could also consider the possibility of implementing the proposals of the Secretary-General, published in his report on the Millennium Assembly (A/54/2000) and to establish a informal ad hoc working group, a subsidiary body or an informal technical mechanism to discuss the peaceful settlement of disputes that might be implemented in the case of conflicts already brought to the attention of the Council or to the attention of the Council.
When the Security Council will be able to play a more positive role in accordance with Chapter VI of the Charter, with regard to a end to war and to promote peaceful reconciliation and the restoration of international peace and security, the international community can undoubtedly invest in the peaceful settlement of disputes.
This balance, however, is to say that the primary responsibility of the parties themselves, even if they can appeal to an external intervention to help to settle their disputes.
We must, with force, reiterate our adherence to the rule of law in the relations between States and therefore in the pacific settlement of disputes, including the use of jurisdiction.
(a) Take measures to protect students against violence, damages or ill-treatment, including sexual violence and intimidation in school schools, to establish complaints of complaints that are accessible to children, and to conduct investigations on all acts of violence and discrimination;
Also requests the Secretary-General to submit, before 31 October 2003, a report on the implementation of the present resolution and its resolution 1379 (2001), which would include:
In addition, the Council is currently considering the system of allocation of responsibilities, which served as an inter-agency coordination mechanism following the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development.
Ms. Zubčević (Croatia), Vice-Chairman, introduced draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.59 on the basis of informal consultations held on draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.26.
Climate change is a global problem closely linked to other global problems that are at the heart of the Organization's mission.
After the cessation of hostilities and as soon as possible, each High Contracting Party, as well as each party to a armed conflict, and to consume, withdraw or destroy explosive remnants of war in the affected territories.
Welcoming the continuing cooperation with the World Trade Organization (WTO), the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development and other organizations in the field of law and policy on competition, and in particular the commitment made at the Fourth Ministerial Conference of the WTO, paragraph 24 of the Doha Declaration,
Kuhair Mahmoud Ahmed Awais
The deployment of UNOCI is in a satisfactory manner, a first group of 26 liaison officers arrived in Abidjan on 23 June 2003.
A new strategy of communication is being developed in preparation of the World Summit on the Information Society to be held in Geneva in December 2003, in cooperation with the International Telecommunication Union.
The response of the United Nations system in East Timor has a highly interesting experience and lessons learned to be able to make it possible to confirm the positive results and avoid the failures that are not repeated in the future.
The work commenced in May 2000 and the document was distributed in the month of November following the general framework in which it was prepared and approved by UNTAET.
Algeria*, Algeria, Germany*, Angola*, Australia, Austria, Bangladesh*, Belarus*, Belgium, Bosnia and Herzegovina*, Brazil, Bulgaria*, Cameroon, Canada, Chile, Costa Rica, Croatia, Czech Republic, Spain*, Luxembourg*, Luxembourg*, Luxembourg*, Luxembourg*, Luxembourg*, Luxembourg*, Luxembourg*, Luxembourg*, Luxembourg*, Luxembourg*, Luxembourg*, Spain*, Spain*, Spain*, Spain*, Spain*, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland*, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland*, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland*, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland*, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland*, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland*, United States of America, United States of America, United States of America, United States of America, United States of America, United States of America, United States of America, United States of America, United States of America, United States of America, United States of America, United States of America, United States of America, United States of America, United States of America, United States of America, United States of America, United States of America, United States of America, United States of America, United States of America, United States of America, United States of America, United States of America, United
In the preamble of this instrument, States parties have declared “to-up to the suffering and loss of human life caused by anti-personnel mines that kill or maim hundreds of people each week, for most innocent civilians and without self-defence, especially children, impede development and reconstruction, prevent the repatriation of refugees and internally displaced persons, and other serious consequences for the return of refugees and internally displaced persons.
I would like to thank all delegations for having been encouraged in my efforts and consultations, I would like to thank the Secretary-General, Mr. Falzzzidze, Under-Secretary-General, Mr. Enrique Román-Morey, and all members of the Secretariat, for their effective assistance.
It was in this context that had been considered the close links between air defence systems and small arms and light weapons.
We call on the forces of the coalition to achieve this essential objective and to intensify coordination with relevant international bodies and institutions to enable countries to return to normalcy.
This initiative called for the establishment of a international fund for higher state institutions in the aim of providing assistance, both immediate and long-term, for the rehabilitation of higher education in our country, Iraq.
We have taken note of the call made by the Secretary-General for a renewal of our institutions by 2005.
The conclusion of our work on this theme will depend on the degree of objectivity of our approach and the convergence of the proposed measures.
First, although the quantity of nuclear weapons has decreased, their role in national strategies of some countries had not been reduced in a radical manner.
I firmly believe that all countries of East Asia, including the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, multilateralism is important, and we all believe that the erosion of the credibility of multilateral disarmament treaties is in the interest of all countries of East Asia.
Mr. PETÖCZ (Slovakia), speaking on behalf of the Group of Eastern European States, said that this group was supportive.
First, the analysis of the Security Council resolutions, unilateral declarations of the nuclear-weapon States and agreements on nuclear-weapon-free zones that guarantee security guarantees are generally recognized by the nuclear-weapon States.
Mr. SANDINS (Netherlands): Mr. President, even if the present meeting is already the last of you, I believe that the first time that I take the floor on your assumption.
Stresses the importance of developing the capacities of indigenous peoples, human resources and institutions, to find solutions to their problems;
The Committee shall review and approve the financial statements and reports on the verification of those statements by the Committee on Budget and Finance, with the comments he deems appropriate.
Members of the Council also have before them document S/2003/312, which contains the text of a draft resolution prepared in the course of the Council's prior consultations.
(a) Financial provisions.
It is important to emphasize that the current level of aid is insufficient.
In our view, it is important that, at this stage, national mine action strategies are being established to ensure a effective process of decision-making on short-term priorities, medium-term and long-term priorities.
Thirdly, Lebanon was based on the National Office of Lebanon's National Office, and established, with the assistance of the United Nations and the United Arab Emirates, the Mine Action Coordination Centre.
We can do so through a protocol that is contained in the annex to the Convention and would take into account the security interests of the country while we help to eliminate former mines, which, as new ones, destroy lives and property and hinder efforts to end desertification, to achieve and strengthen sustainable development.
Letter dated 4 April 2003 from the Permanent Representatives of Peru and the Russian Federation to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
As of June 2003, pledges pledged to the Fund amounted to $4.7 billion, while the estimated cost estimates of $10.5 billion per year to effectively implement prevention, treatment, care and support programmes.
Country offices
Credit credit - definitions similar to those contained in the Financial Regulations of UNDP, UNFPA and UNICEF
In considering items 113 (Promotion and protection of the rights of the child), 115 (Elimination of racism and racial discrimination), 116 (Right of peoples to self-determination) and 117 (Human rights questions), the Commission will make a dialogue between its members and special rapporteurs and representatives that would reflect their activities.
The world is now about 42 million people living with HIV/AIDS.
The General Assembly,
The conventions include the need for respect to human rights, but it was necessary to comply with existing standards.
The Committee agrees with the decision and fixed to 2 August 1990 the date of loss for the late “C” claims.
Recognizing that domestic violence against women are involved in the rights of the person,
Due to their legal structures, the role of specialized agencies in technical cooperation was not addressed.
This simplicity is a price, namely a arbitrary presumption and bad details.
Why do they have their commitments in technical cooperation?
The initiative took the initiative to support the coordination of gender issues.
(b) A resolution 47/120 A of 18 December 1992 entitled “Programme for peace: preventive diplomacy and related matters”, resolution 47/120 B of 20 September 1993, entitled “Programme for peace”, in particular section IV entitled “Economic difficulties arising from the implementation of preventive or coercive measures”, and resolution 51/24 of 15 September 1997 entitled “Economic difficulties for the implementation of preventive or coercive measures”,
The development and development of democracy and the approach adopted by the United Nations system on this issue must take into account the fact that there is no fact, in reality, a single “one” approach to democracy.
In this statement, the Secretary-General affirms the considerable importance of the culture of peace, and the attention to which the universal Organization of the Islamic Organization is not just one of its specialized agencies.
In this context, the observance of the International Decade for the Promotion of a Culture of Non-Violence and Peace for the Children of the World, 2001-2010, is more than a popular aspiration of Member States, a moral and political imperative of our time.
Taking note of the goals set out in the Rome Declaration on World Food Security and the Plan of Action of the World Food Summit, as well as in the 2005 World Food Summit, five years after, in which it renewed commitment to eradicating hunger,
Emphasizing the need to operate on industrial transformation of commodity production in developing countries, particularly African countries and least developed countries, in order to increase productivity and stability and increase their export earnings, promoting their economic growth and their integration into the world economy,
As a result, I appointed Mr. Parker Permanent Judge to the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia from 4 December 2003 for the remainder of the mandate of Mr. David Hunt, on 16 November 2005.
This programme of action remains a milestone on developments in the disarmament process.
The Permanent Mission of Colombia to the United Nations wishes to note that, in the opinion of the Government of Colombia, paragraph 2 of General Assembly resolution 57/77, in which the General Assembly requests the Conference on Disarmament to consider the principles that could serve as a framework for regional agreements on conventional arms control, could enable the Conference to resume a part of its activities and to overcome the deadlock in which it has been in the process of the past three years.
United States Convention on Human Rights, Convention on the Status of the Organization of American States, OAS Convention on Diplomatic Diplomacy, United Nations Treaty on Refugees.
Its effects goes beyond borders and is why international cooperation is absolutely essential.
It is incumbent upon the Third Committee, which is responsible for the social programme, to ensure that this programme is well understood and translated into the facts.
Authorizes the Secretary-General to undertake, for the period from 1 July to 31 October 2003, the expenditure of an amount owed to $12 million will be financed through the cumulative balance of the Special Envoys for the United Nations Observer Mission for Iraq and Kuwait;
The Special Rapporteur intends to submit in 2004 a final report in which it will examine these two issues, so that the first reading could be completed during the same session.
The Equal Opportunities Commission and the Equal Opportunities Fund have been established to establish cooperation with the private sector for all issues relating to women's employment.
The use of these summaries would be flexible, optional and based on available data.
For its consideration of this item, the Committee had before it a note by the Secretariat on the exchange of information: establishment of an electronic e-commerce centre (UNEP/FAO/PIC/INC.10/22).
In this context, future workshops could also consider exchange between small groups from industrialized countries, developing countries and countries with economies in transition.
He also referred to the various technical assistance projects that the Commission supported, including the Interpol network, and the work of the United Nations Institute for Training and Research (UNITAR) concerning national profiles.
Items for regular meetings
Quorum in the Open-ended subsidiary bodies
The communication may include suggestions on the possible solutions that this Party deems most appropriate in the present case;
Fifth instalment category “A” claims
Norway calls upon all countries to agree on a modus operandi to alleviate and protect victims of racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance, and to strengthen their efforts at the national level in conjunction with international efforts.
Ms. Molaroni (San Marino), speaking on agenda item 115 (a) and (b) said that, on the basis of the principles, his country believes, as the Special Rapporteur on the promotion and protection of the right to freedom of opinion and expression (A/CONF.189/SR.2/24), the Special Rapporteur on the promotion and protection of the right to freedom of opinion and expression (A/CONF.189/SR.2/24), which the Internet is a unique tool for promoting human rights.
The best way to reach consensus on the guiding principles is to hold consultations with Governments.
Mr. Paul Krugman, School of Public and International Affairs (the University of Cyberton); Mr. Jagagassass, Professor of Economy and Head of Chrie Arthur Leman, University of Columbia; Mr. Manuel Orozco, Director of Central America for the Inter-American Dialogue; and Mr. Jean Pierre Ouedogo, Minister of Latin Burkina Faso.
Information on workshops and training courses related to the fight against international terrorism
In addition, it was not clear how structural and structural reforms that are required in the process of poverty reduction strategies affecting poverty and social conditions.
It is therefore important to consider new solutions in order to increase the rapid international liquidity when necessary, by various means, including the temporary allowance of special rights rights (see ibid., para.
In accordance with these decisions, His Majesty not chair the Council of Ministers, and the President of the Council, based on each year of rotation, is now the head of the Government and, in the facts, the Prime Minister.
The Government of Bhutan is obliged to recognize that women constitute a significant part of the population to which they are and should therefore develop, implement and continue to manage services tailored to specific needs of women and men.
This is mainly due to the development of primary education and the fact that school institutions are able to learn in their students.
Inter-agency task forces have been responsible for combating the most serious threat of HIV/AIDS.
Many men welcomed the most important number of women to the National Assembly.
According to another study of limited scope on women's participation in financial decisions, 27 per cent of women reported that they were involved in decisions relating to financial lending, while 14 per cent had taken decisions with their husbands.
In the area of public administration, the Department of Economic and Social Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat has taken initiatives to improve the capacity of public sectors of a good number of countries, with advice, for the request of public service reform.
In paragraph 16 of Security Council resolution 687 (1991), the Security Council established Iraq's liability for losses related to Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait:
The Panel finds that this is also applicable to claims for loss of funds, which contain similar issues.
See also the decisions of the Committee contained in paragraph 79 of the report E2(7); to paragraph 71 of the report E2(11); and paragraph 89 of the report E2(13).
Report E2(3), paras.
Report of the United Kingdom on the achievement of the goals and objectives of the 1995 resolution on the Middle East
In accordance with article 8 (1) of the law on extradition, persons who commit terrorist acts, even if such acts are regarded as political crimes, may be extradited.
What are our objectives?
The Secretary-General's report would like to reiterate that the situation in Iraq is facing the challenges that are truly difficult and that we all call for all, and now the international community and the call for the coalition.
The establishment of a strong civil society will be essential to the new democracy.
In conclusion, my delegation would like to thank my delegation, on behalf of my Government, to renew his sincere thanks to the Council's mission and the Council in its entirety to find answers to the complex issues facing our region.
It also participates in the High-level Committee on Programmes and other mechanisms for coordination of the United Nations system.
- Supporting associations and organizations that are working to improve women's participation in decision-making.
The programme of 10 months, including 5 months of theoretical education in Madrid and 4 months and half of practice in developing countries in developing countries, is also expected to be provided.
These groups are young people from 16 to 30 years, women employed in occupations to be literate, over more than 45 years, unemployed unemployment over the past six months or the workers that, at the time of conclusion of the new contract, were employed in the same endeavour under a pre-skilled or determined contract before 31 December 2003, including training contracts.
The age of the age of 25-29 years that the daily consumption of tobacco among women is the most important.
This increase in the situation, however, is less low among women (37, 5 per cent of long-term unemployed jobs, than men (55 per cent).
Members of Permanent Missions, Secretariat staff, representatives of intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations and the media are invited to attend.
Despite the progress achieved through the creation and strengthening of the normative framework, the tragic reality remains that children continue to be victims of armed conflict, and in the light of the most widespread and more friendly environment.
This meeting is the first open meeting of the Security Council in 2003, a total of the challenges that I believe that the Council will be ready to meet.
We encourage all initiatives to ensure compliance with international agreements in this area.
These areas are often often non-compliance.
Activities to implement the request
- more than 1500,000 homes or apartments (in total of 237,570,000 square kilometres) were looted and destroyed;
(c) Until 31 December 2001, the accounts of the Organization were expressed in United States dollars.
(ii) The Model Electronic Analysis and Evaluation Section (COMahamwe);
Bearing in mind the work plan, the medium-term programming framework and the strategic guidance of the Organization on South-South Cooperation, as well as thematic initiatives that have taken place, including trade facilitation, rural energy exploitation for productive reconstruction and recovery and reconstruction of the crisis,
It was so decided.
It was so decided.
Recognizing that the rapid developments in the socio-economic situation, cultural, individual and social factors, as well as the illicit supply of illicit drugs, have exacerbated the problem of the use of toxic substances at the global level,
In view of the ambiguity of the English text, the Commission decided to continue to consider the work of the Working Group on the basis of “projects” and to renew further formal changes.
Fifty-eighth session
Under the title of the United Nations International Trade Law (United Nations International Trade Law”, replace the resource requirements (before recosting): $300 per cent of the requirements (before recosting): $345,200)
The Commission requested the Government to indicate whether considering the relevant provisions of the aforementioned laws, in order to include the principle enshrined in the Convention.
These decisions were taken in consultation with Iraqi officials, including participants in weekly meetings on economic issues and senior public government officials, and proposed budgetary proposals were established by Iraqi officials.
The legitimacy and impartiality of the United Nations are in the face of considerable benefits to the service of the Iraqi people.
The percentage of Afghan women employed by UNHCR has been almost almost zero at the beginning of 2002 to 23 per cent of all national staff in the programme, and 36 per cent of all national staff working for protection.
The appointment by President Gbagbo of the Ministers of Defence and Security in September should complete the constitution of the Government of National Reconciliation and thus eliminate an important impediment to the peace process.
However, it should be noted that article 53 of the Constitution stipulates that the President of the Republic may delegate some of its powers to the members of the Government.
Beyond what we are divided, we have faced these threats, collective responsibility, to return the unity of the international community.
We have begun consultations with the United Nations and other members of the Council on adjustments to the oil-for-food programme, which will provide the full delivery of humanitarian supplies, including food and medicine in Iraq.
The work programme continues to be studied by my authorities, and we agree that the right to make our views on the programme will be completed.
If a Party considered the need for assistance to halt the consumption of methyl bromide to stabilize the date, it could be recalled by the Multilateral Fund.
Affirming that it operates by consensus,
(i) 68.0 ODP tonnes in 2004;
All liquidation operations should take place in the locations for that purpose, exclusively for authorized staff.
The financing mechanism was established in accordance with article 10 of the Montreal Protocol to ensure that Parties included in article 5, paragraph 1, of technical and technical cooperation, in order to enable them to comply with the regulatory measures set out in articles 2A to 2E and article 2I or any other regulatory measures set out in articles 2F to 2 of the Protocol.
Police enforcement officers also participated in training programmes abroad.
Some States have said to be also on the telephone, telex and postal services.
(3) The State party seeks to carry out an interim interim measure to ensure that the jurisdiction of any cancellation, suspension or modification of this measure.
Suggestions to improve the wording of the bracketed text were made, including that the court may suspend the implementation process until the parties had the possibility to be heard by the arbitral tribunal or until all parties were duly informed.
Second periodic report of Armenia
Reaffirming that training activities should be given a more visible and important role in support of the management of international affairs and the implementation of economic and social development programmes of the United Nations system,
The development and introduction of technologies for information, communication and transport should also be supported through technical cooperation and investment required to strengthen capacity-building of local services providers, or to create such capacities, could require donor support or finance by international financial institutions.
A similar position is provided to the United Kingdom, where the consumer is based on the contract, unless a competent court to deal with disputes relating to the contract in question otherwise decides to request the service service.
In Afghanistan, the implementation of the reintegration programme has reached a maximum maximum for the end of 2002.
Procedure
It is estimated that the calculations were carried out on the basis of a exchange rate of €96 per cent for US$ US$ US$ 1 per cent.
(h) The SBSTA decided to continue its consideration of this item at its eighteenth and nineteenth sessions and, if necessary, at subsequent sessions.
At its 7th meeting, Mr. Ward reported on the results of these consultations.
Agreements under Articles 5, 7 and 8 of the Kyoto Protocol.
Laws of Law School School (July 2003): Professor Robert F. Kennedy to provide in association with Professor Philipyyman, “In-house to justice”, analysing the various functions of public law in public law and civil law, and considering the different national and international approaches to justice in developing countries.
Three members from Asian States,
The situation in the Great Lakes region
1 November 2002
1 November 2002
Recalling also decision 4/CP.7 in which it requested the Global Environment Facility, as a entity to ensure the functioning of the financial mechanism of the Convention, to provide financial support through its “change climate change” and the Special Fund for Climate Change for the purpose of the implementation of the activities referred to in the framework of effective and effective actions to strengthen the implementation of article 4, paragraph 5, of the Convention,
Welcoming the initial progress made in the implementation of the framework for the implementation of effective and effective actions to strengthen the implementation of article 4, paragraph 5, of the Convention, contained in the annex to decision 4/CP.7,
Financial performance, 2002-2003
It also noted with appreciation the financial and other financial assistance that had been provided to the Government of Austria, the Gony and the town of Graz (Austria), the Department of Internal Geography of the University of Stockholm, Meto, the National Office of Foreign Affairs and the Swedish International Cooperation Agency.
Implementation of the recommendations of the Third United Nations Conference on the Exploration and Peaceful Uses of Outer Space (UNISPACE III).
However, a large number of people infected with the virus are not aware.
This project focused on the Steering Committee of the PKK, as well as high school and high schools.
Recommends the convening of a joint informal discussion that could enrich the work of each Commission; the best use could be made by the General Assembly's debate for the issues discussed by the two Committees;
This important work was possible through, inter alia, the skill and perseverance of the Committee, through its subcommittees and experts.
In the event of dissolution of marriage after the consumption of the year, women has also been entitled to interview during the time of the time period, compensation in the amount of the amount of the amount of the amount period, which is not exceeding one year, according to the use of the former property, and shall be paid to the end of the time period, unless otherwise agreed between the two parties in the amount of compensation.
The following table shows the changes in the budget of education during the years of 1993/99 to 1997 1997;
Children are supervised by the Ministry of Social Affairs and Employment, which regularly carry out inspections to verify that those institutions comply with applicable regulations.
The State of Kuwait wishes to remind in that regard that its Constitution, in many of its provisions, have equal equality of the pillars of the Japanese company, first in the preamble, and in article 7, and in article 29, which covers various aspects of this principle with the link to human dignity, rights and duties.
Effective management will also improve recruitment, logistics and budgetary activities at Headquarters.
Global Government of the World Society on the Labour of Children, 1998
Minister for the Elaboration of a Social Justice Programme, Department of Demographic Studies, University of Thuvan, 1999
Each State Party shall notify the Conference of States Parties, as required, on its programmes, plans and practices and on its legislative and administrative measures to implement this Convention.
While the status quo violates any perspective, liberty and the development of those who suffer hunger and living in despair, the temptation of lawlessness and extremism, as a means of achieving change, becomes more attractive.
Accordingly, the Conference decided to designate the Ambassador of Bulgaria, Mr. Tzz, as President of the Annual Conference of States Parties to be held in 2003 and representatives of South Africa, China and Switzerland, as Vice-Chairmen.
Declarations and reservations
Rapporteur: Ihqq H. Andrabi (Pakistan)
Reaffirming that regional arrangements play an important role in the promotion and protection of human rights and that they should strengthen universal standards, which are set out in the international human rights instruments, and to contribute to their protection,
(c) In cases where special discussion would be decided, its theme should be in relation to human rights and take into account the annual themes of the Economic and Social Council and the General Assembly.
This situation should not be replicated.
(iii) OHCHR should develop a comprehensive compilation and periodically update recommendations made over the years by various mechanisms on thematic issues.
As a result of General Assembly resolution 2002/91 and decision 2002/115.
They treat the use of digital signatures and the role of the certification authorities.
At its 3rd and 4th meetings, the Working Group considered agenda item 5 (d) (i), (ii), (ii) and (iii) on the development of short-term proposals, medium-term and long-term proposals to eliminate racial discrimination against people of African descent, including proposals for the monitoring and promotion of all human rights, in view of the need to work closely with international institutions and development institutions, as well as with the specialized agencies of the United Nations system,
As at the school centre in Iran, it was a development centre for the development of human resources for the end of land and development on land crops.
Finally, Ms. Khan asked the State party to conduct a national health survey and to consider the conclusions in the periodic report.
Consequently, the duty to protect itself is also the world.
- Location of two sites by means of appropriate means (including or poison);
Some observers sought a significant increase in the demand for the request of the United States to control the oil oil oil.
It is essential to draw new guidance to the economic cooperation of Arab countries by private sector participation in development and economic choice.
The Foundation has been able to collect about 3.5 million euros who have allowed the work on the site.
At present, four resident coordinators are the staff of UNICEF (half of women), including a woman in the duty station.
If these conditions are met, the goals and objectives agreed for the special session will be a major step towards achieving the Millennium Development Goals.
Moreover, the financial implications of the establishment of an additional office in Brussels has not been taken into account by ITC.
As indicated in paragraph 102 of the JIU report, the Secretariat has now set up the goals set out by the Organization in 1990 in the gender perspective.
(a) The nine regional offices should be gradually strengthened by the transfer of regular posts of Headquarters.
At the same time, the member States of the OOS is constantly continuously and invariably the principle that the fight against terrorism must be based on the norms and principles of international law and cannot be linked to a fight against any religion, some countries or certain nationalities.
(continued) (IDB.27/19 and Add.1 and 2; IDB.27/CRP.3)
The PRESIDENT drew attention to draft decision IDB.27/L.8, entitled “Working status submitted by a non-governmental organization”.
The meeting rose at 4.40 p.m.
The Security Council has thus concluded the present stage of its consideration of the item on its agenda.
In accordance with Annex I to General Assembly resolution 50/227, the Council will have before it a note by the Secretary-General on the themes proposed for the high-level segment and the discussion on coordination issues at its substantive session of 2004.
I have the honour to transmit to you the report of the Government of the Republic of Seychelles on the implementation of Security Council resolution 1373 (2001) (see enclosure).
The people of Afghanistan has made the decision to extend its mandate.
The draft resolutions under these agenda items reflect this determination and Thailand is proud to be a sponsor.
(g) To use, in accordance with the procedures established by the Committee established by resolution 661 (1990), prior to the expiration of the period set out in paragraph 10 below, and taking into account the recommendations made by the Office of the Iraq Programme, the funds deposited to the accounts established in accordance with paragraph 8 (a) and (c) of resolution 986 (1995), as appropriate, as appropriate, for the transfer of shipments in accordance with paragraph 8 (a),
10 a.m. Closed meeting Conference Room A
The costs related to the work of the Working Group allocated to the programme budget for the biennium 2002-2003, the adoption of draft resolution A/C.3/57/L.57 would not have any impact on it.
Subprogramme 6 Advancement of women
At its 2nd plenary meeting, on 19 September 2003, the General Assembly decided, on the recommendation of the General Committee, to include in the agenda of its fifty-eighth session the item entitled “Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples by the specialized agencies and the international institutions associated with the United Nations” and to allocate it to the Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee).
Noting that the vast majority of the Non-Self-Governing Territories are small island Territories,
In order to facilitate the substantive discussion at the session of the Commission, the secretariat prepared a thematic note entitled “Pramework of action for strengthening the competitiveness of SMEs” (TD/B/COM.3/58).
(a) The Chairmen of the Bureau and the Credentials Committee and Chairmen of the Commissions, subcommittees and working groups may exercise the right of voting to be representatives of participating States;
In general, meetings of the Bureau, subcommittees or working groups are private.
The Council expressed its concern at the continuing maintenance of regional factors and requested the Secretary-General to make, as soon as possible, recommendations on ways to combat these sub-regional and cross-border problems, focusing on better coordination of United Nations efforts.
They also deplored the lack of political contacts between parties and their efforts to normalize their relations through political dialogue, which was essential for the success of the peace process.
The Government is submitting all draft laws.
It would be hoped that it would submit a report to the Commission at a future session, especially the document published in 1991 following the World Summit for Children and the outcome document of the special session of the United Nations General Assembly on Children, held in 2002, specifically mentioned the situation of children under foreign occupation.
In accordance with the second Millennium Development Goals, the Government has introduced compulsory and compulsory education for all, which has significantly improved the school attendance rate.
To avoid this type of incident, it is imperative for States parties to be present at the meeting.
“The Security Council stresses that the United Nations is ready to promote political dialogue if it is requested, and to provide strong support to the humanitarian and development challenges of the demarcation of the border.
It may acquire or invest in immovable property or funds in accordance with the Regulations and Rules.
The Meeting is three days from 16 to 18 July 2003, to carry out its work.
According to these reports, the situation in the valley remained calm, without serious incident, throughout the reporting period.
Observations
Quadrennial reports 1997-2000 submitted by the Secretary-General pursuant to Economic and Social Council resolution 1996/31
Report submitted pursuant to Security Council resolution 1455 (2003)
States can know what are the best appropriate indicators, which should necessarily affect various aspects of the right to health, and then in the work of WHO and UNICEF in this area.
The Committee notes that the prolonged solitary confinement of a detainee or detention may be interpreted to the acts prohibited by article 7.
Article 10 of article 10 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights applies to any person deprived of their liberty under the laws and authority of the State and who is detained in prison, a hospital, a psychiatric hospital in particular, a detention centre, a reorganization centre or another place.
It is necessary to determine whether a unilateral statement is an reservation or interpretative declaration and determine its admissibility and its effects.
Thirty-eighth session (1990)*
(l) To continue their cooperation with the Committee to promote the full implementation of the Convention;
(h) Raising public awareness in the importance of programmes of action on the situation of child-based discrimination;
There are some States of traditional and cultural practices that affect the health of women and children.
States parties should also report measures adopted to ensure effective access to family planning services in particular, and sexual health and reproductive health in general.
For example, for example, the article emphasizes the importance of respect for parents, the need to consider the rights in their general, moral, spiritual, cultural and social framework and that most of the rights of children, from being imposed outside outside, are rooted in the values of local communities.
* Contained in document A/54/18, annex V.
The Commission will have before it the report of the London Group on Environmental Accounts, with the development of recent meetings, activities and trends.
Agenda item 98
Recalling also the United Nations Millennium Declaration, adopted by Heads of State and Government at the Millennium Summit, by which they have committed to eradicating extreme poverty and in particular to halve by 2015, by 2015, the proportion of the world's population, whose income is less than one dollar and people suffering from hunger,
In 2001, the Government had limited to six years the duration of labour permits to foreign workers, to ensure that more alians are recruited and trained for better jobs.
The Government of the United Kingdom continued to advocate that legislators adopt national human rights standards, particularly in relation to sexual discrimination.
Pursuant to paragraph 2 of General Assembly resolution 56/119 of the Eleventh Congress, the Eleventh Congress will be preceded by consultations that are subject to all organizational matters before the opening of the Congress.
Representatives of the United Nations are invited to attend the meetings of the General Assembly and the Executive Board of the World Trade Organization and their subsidiary bodies and to participate, without the right to vote, in the deliberations of those bodies.
Recalling that, in its resolution 57/171, it decided that the main theme of the Eleventh Congress would be “Globalization and responses: strategic alliances for crime prevention and criminal justice”,
(f) Measures to combat crime-related crime;
Recalling further that, in its resolution 1987/34 of 26 May 1987, it invited Governments from Latin American and Caribbean countries and other interested Governments to participate in the regional meeting of the heads of national agencies to combat illicit drug trafficking, with a view to establishing the meeting of the heads of national agencies to combat illicit trafficking in drugs, Latin America and the Caribbean, and requested the Secretary-General to take appropriate measures and provide the necessary financial resources to be held,
(a) Partnerships are voluntary initiatives by Governments and various stakeholders: major groups and institutions in particular;
49th plenary meeting 25 July 2003
Other matters.
Introducing this item, the representative of the Secretariat drew attention to the documentation prepared in this regard (see annex VII) and indicated that the Committee could take action on the matter.
Decides to submit to the Conference of the Parties for consideration and action at its first meeting:
A alternate alternate or a adviser may act as representative of the representative of the delegation.
Subject to the provisions of articles 28 to 32 and changes adopted by the Conference of the Parties, the present resolution applies mutatis mutandis to the deliberations of any subsidiary body.
The Chairperson or Rapporteur of a subsidiary body may benefit from a priority priority to explain the conclusions of the subsidiary body.
He said that his organization had supported awareness-raising and capacity-building activities related to persistent persistent organic pollutants, including the identification and quantification of dioxs and in Thailand, the organization of the Expert Group of Experts on the best available technologies and best environmental practices and workshops on the management of the industry, which had resulted in the best practices in the management of biological pollutants, and on the management of the industry.
To that end, the Monterrey Consensus reiterate the importance of the principle of cooperation.
Only countries only monitor the characteristics of trafficking in persons through effective border controls, using reliable estimate.
The report pointed out that comparative studies had been more complicated in the study.
Material for inclusion in the Journal may be sent to room S-2370 (tel. 1 (212) 963-6776 and 963-3888; fax 1 (212) 963-4790; e-mail journal@un.org).
A preparatory mission composed of IAEA personnel and the Commission, including the Director-General of the IAEA and the Executive Chairman of the Commission, visited in Baghdad on 18 and 19 November 2002 to meet their Iraqi counterparts by Mr. Amer H. Al-Sadadi, Adviser of the President, to discuss further logistical arrangements in Baghdad.
The Agenda of Agenda 21 for sport and the environment is www.unep/org/cc/s_en.
The first experience with Guinea-Bissau and the recent establishment of the Ad Hoc Advisory Group on Burundi shows that there are opportunities to strengthen the role of the Economic and Social Council and to bridge the gap between aid, reconstruction and development.
The failure of Cancún is a result of what happened in Doha where the large countries of trade trade had refused to grant concessions on development issues.
Switzerland attaches priority to the preservation of outer space in all circumstances and without derogation.
“The internal and external closures, the increase in curfews, incursions and other measures taken by the Israeli army have resulted in a further deterioration of economic and economic indicators and the unemployment of the Palestinians.
It should be recalled here that, individually, individual and collective responsibility, the parties to the Convention on compliance with its provisions in all situations.
(d) With the consent of the Advisory Committee, which will be necessary to cover the payment of insurance premiums if the insurance period would extend beyond the biennium during which payment is carried out by the Secretary-General in the proposed budget budget for each biennium of the staff, to cover the amounts owed for the biennium;
The various international human rights instruments are not sufficient to prevent violations, must also take effective measures to address social and human problems that encourage, such as occupation, racial discrimination, injustice, displacement and social inequality among the peoples of developing countries and those developed countries.
The Acting President: In addition to the adoption of the resolution, the following items will be included in the provisional agenda of the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly, which will be issued in July 2003: Financing of the United Nations Mission in Haiti; Financing of the United Nations Protection Force, the United Nations Transitional Administration for the Restoration of Confidence in Croatia, the United Nations Transitional Administration in Haiti and the United Nations Transitional Administration in Haiti; Financing of the United Nations Transitional Administration in Haiti; Financing of the United Nations Transitional Administration in Haiti; Financing of the United Nations Transitional Administration in Haiti; Financing of the United Nations Transitional Administration in Haiti; Financing of the United Nations Transitional Administration in Haiti; Financing of the United Nations Transitional Administration in Haiti; Financing of the United Nations Transitional Administration in Haiti; financing of the United Nations Transitional Administration in Haiti; Financing of the United Nations Transitional Administration in Haiti; Financing of the United Nations Transitional Administration in Haiti; Financing of the United Nations Transitional Administration in Haiti; Financing of the United Nations Transitional Administration in Haiti; Financing of the United Nations Transitional Administration in Haiti; Financing of the United Nations Transitional Administration in Haiti; Financing of the United Nations Transitional Administration in Haiti; Financing of the United Nations Transitional Administration in Haiti; Financing
Obviously, it remains vital that each of us continue its participation in the coming years.
Mr. Shomaoma (Belarus) (spoke in Russian): The issue of control is increasingly more important at the regional and international level, and verification is necessary to ensure international security and stability.
In accordance with the Convention, our country must destroy its stockpiles of mines by four years.
Our six countries, in addition to the ratification of the Treaty, have already been individually — and more than one occasion — their opposition to nuclear weapons.
In its agreed conclusions 1998, the Economic and Social Council referred to the Guiding Principles and note of the decision of the Inter-Agency Standing Committee on these principles.
Of the amount of $20,000, $250,000 are provided for the offer of the supply of ICAO.
Modalities for reimbursement of expenditures
Head of liaison and protocol protocol Liaison Officer and liaison officer
Recalling General Assembly resolution 56/201 of 21 December 2001 on the triennial comprehensive policy review of operational activities for development of the United Nations system and resolution 2002/29 of 25 July 2002,
It is important that the origin of funds is lawful or illegal, only the act of collection and purpose.
The Bradley report indicated that all Council adopted to meet the needs of any of the options would be at least one year.
Original and ESPNOL
“Terrorism terrorism - an attempt to cause a explosion or to launch a fire or commit any other acts that are responsible for the death of death, affects their health, cause serious material damage or other dangerous consequences for society, with a view to undermining public order, to create the root of the population or to influence the adoption of decisions by public authorities or by international organizations, or to threaten such acts in the same manner.”
Women remain mainly in low and low-cost positions.
Draft decision II Review of consultative status
We therefore encourage States that have not yet done so so to submit their statements with the Secretary-General to achieve the universality of the Court.
Their active participation, coupled with their strong commitment and their diplomatic skill, explains a great contribution to the success of the Special Committee.
Now, as it is the case for all treaties, the end of negotiations is the real commencement of commitment.
See Report of the World Summit on Sustainable Development, Johannesburg, South Africa, 26 August-4 September 2002 (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.03.II.A.1), chap.
The Committee resumed its consideration of sub-item (c) of agenda item 94.
Washington, 11 April 1949
The draft resolution, entitled “The Almaty Programme of Action: partnerships designed to meet the special needs of landlocked developing countries and a new global framework for cooperation in transit transport between landlocked and transit developing countries”, was adopted by the Second Committee.
I am now pleased to introduce the draft resolution contained in document A/58/L.56.
He welcomed the decision of the European Union to create an facilitated of support for peace to support the establishment of the African Peace and Security Mechanism and the peace initiatives carried out by the African Union.
The right to raise the truth on the issue of events is essential to prevent the same violations.
My Government is firmly committed to the establishment of democracy in Myanmar.
The Security Council needs to be more representative to reflect the demographic and geopolitical realities and profits credibility.
Outreach services
Statement by the Chairman of the Committee on Public Information at the opening of the twenty-fifth session of the Committee on 28 April 2003
We have been able to understand that success or failure in any area, if any, cannot mean the lush and the loss of the United Nations.
I am pleased to inform you that the Department has already taken steps to respond to questions raised, such as the presentation by all United Nations information centres, indicating the activities of the United Nations in which it provides on a strategic message.
In order to plan and carry out other changes without further budgetary changes, we have to review some of our priorities and propose to fill resources for the biennium 2004-2005.
UNCTAD had been used on some aspects of negotiations and should contribute to their preparation by its analytical analysis, training and technical cooperation.
However, these products had a low value of national value.
The commodity commodity commodity commodity countries face a very difficult challenge, since the prices of such exports had considerably decreased in real value.
Development strategies had been redefined to support poverty reduction and many donors included technical assistance in trade and investment.
The representative of Denmark, speaking on behalf of the European Union (EU) and countries for accession to the EU (Bulgaria, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Romania, Slovakia and Slovenia, and Cyprus, Malta and Turkey) said that coherence was important and that, in this regard, the participation of representatives of other institutions and agencies had been positive.
The United Nations Fund for International Partnerships (UNFIP) assisted the Study Group to develop partnerships and expand.
In order to strengthen its outreach efforts and to facilitate contacts with national policymakers, the Ad Hoc Group established a database available on the website, which includes coordination of policymakers and ICT focal points in Governments, the private sector and non-governmental organizations.
Requests the Secretary-General to seek the views of Member States on the issue of promoting multilateralism in the field of disarmament and non-proliferation and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session;
Requests the Secretary-General to allocate, within existing resources, the financial and administrative arrangements necessary for the functioning of the Inter-Agency Secretariat for the implementation of the Strategy;
Welcomes the efforts of the United Nations International Drug Control Programme to fulfil its mandate and requests to continue:
Documentation
Election of a representative representative to the Transitional Transitional Authority following free and fair elections, in accordance with the Bonn Agreement;
In addition, a guide for women's women is published regularly, which deals with issues such as civil status, marriage, food insurance, problems of succession, reproductive health, acts of violence against women, access to land and credit, or even the right to work.
I now give the floor to the Minister for Foreign Affairs of Ghana, His Excellency Mr. Nana Akufo-Addo.
Welcoming the establishment of the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria,
On the occasion of the possibility of the United Nations to fulfil the function of supervisory authority under the draft protocol;
Requests the ECOWAS forces and the French forces in implementing their mandate pursuant to resolution 144 (2003), to continue to work closely with the Special Representative and the Monitoring Committee and to continue to report regularly on all aspects of their respective mandates;
This letter was issued as a document of the Security Council, as document S/2003/500.
The Lusaka party for the Democratic Republic of the Congo is irreversible.
Secondly, it is essential to help Africans to strengthen their capacities in peacekeeping operations.
Resolution 55/59, annex.
*** The document was submitted in delay for conference services, without the explanatory note required by the General Assembly in paragraph 8 of its resolution 53/208 B, in late late submission of a report to conference services.
The Act on International Trade Companies (International Business Companies Act) provides for the elimination of actions to the holder and, when these actions have already been issued, the present and replacement of actions.
These services include the direction or financial delivery of the Bahamas or from the Bahamas, including financial services in line, the registration of directors or national trade companies, the provision of international trade companies and the provision of service services and the provision of services in the law of the United Nations system, and the provision of services in the law of the law and the provision of service services for the companies of the United Nations system, and the provision of the services of staff and the provision of services in the law of the law.
In addition, administrative and legislative agreements provide some persons with a list of national exclusion.
Participation in this workshop have been beneficial.
For example, the Section provided advice on rules to comply with projects executed by national entities, drawing on the experience of UNDP in this area.
In 17 offices, the control of field visits and the failure not made in the rules.
The increase of information was also made to raise awareness of the importance of the audit planning of regular projects.
In this regard, Governments have been encouraged to request their agents to use the same format of information in order to simplify and facilitate the preparation of reports on activities within the deadlines prescribed.
See CCPR/C/79/Add.54, 78 and 109.
The staffing could be reduced in the next quarter.
Letter dated 20 and 23 December 1991, from the United States of America, France and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland (S/23306, S/23307, S/23308, S/239 and S/2317)
The information that organizations should seek and seek to verify the following: accounting results for the five years of previous years; difficult legal difficulties and the identity of other clients.
Also affirms that the Organization is firmly committed to a fair manner, on a fair basis, as possible as possible, all bidders, whether procurement or outsourcing;
Mr. Negroponte (United States of America): First, I thank the Assistant Secretary-General Türk for his presentation on the status of the political process and the work of the United Nations Political Office in Bougainville.
Montserrat, since 1998, in a phase of recovery and reconstruction, has been difficult to face a growing emergency situation while facilitating the development process.
These funds have provided funding for environmental projects, training and health, as well as programmes in the legal and legislative fields.
With regard to the payment of payment, there was a need to inform the pool of funds from the benefits of the formal system of the system to other areas of security and the rapid use of transfers.
• To ensure the fair and equitable trial of political prisoners;
With regard to the issue of reports with administration, the Federation met many difficulties owing to the lack of clear human rights principles and persons with knowledge and expertise to approve projects.
With regard to the strengthening of the resident coordinator system, increased participation in the United Nations specialized and technical agencies in the operation of the system is considered by Member States as a positive measure.
As a result of armed conflict and civil strife in neighbouring countries, the United Republic of Tanzania remained in recent years of African countries that give the most refugees in its territory.
Requests the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to take the necessary steps to ensure the translation, in the Somali language, the present resolution, including an explanatory note of information, as well as broad dissemination of the text in the country, through the human rights officer for Somalia;
Early warning systems
Many Governments have launched special programmes for potential groups, particularly drug users, with a view to reducing the risk of transmission of infectious diseases as the human immunodeficiency virus/acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (HIV/AIDS).
Annex I to the agenda of the forty-third session adopted by the Committee at its 1st meeting.
Discussion
It was suggested that the Office of the High Commissioner should ensure that non-nuclear-weapon States continue to receive documents in an appropriate form.
The addition of the phrase “Support to the efforts to promote new partnerships”, in paragraph 7.21 (e), was contested because the Second Committee had not yet reached consensus on the matter.
Some members proposed that the issuance of the publication shall be available rather than distributed.
The consultations of the Council with the members of the New Partnership and ECA had been welcomed.
A/58/6 (Sect.
The investigation on the cause of damage may also be long, particularly in countries where the authorities responsible for maritime security and/or the courts themselves, which are investigating the general and taking a number of time to publish their findings.
In the context of the amendment of Act No. 1015 on the abolition of los los los losososososos, the de la de la de la de la de la de la de la de la de la de la de l'études de l'études de l'études de l'études de l'études de l'études de l'études de l'études de l'études de l'études de l'études de l'études de l'études de l'études de l'études de l'études de l'études de l'études de l'études de l'études de l'études de l'études de l'études de l'études de l'études de l'études de l'études de l'études de l'études de l'études de l'études de l'études de l'art,
It is important that the Commission did not keep its attention.
It is also important that it reaffirms its belief of the importance of participation in civil society, as well as its strategic role in the work of the United Nations bodies.
In order to improve the conditions in which women have their professional and family responsibilities and in accordance with article 265 of the Labour Code, mothers who raise three children or more than 16 years, or two children and more than women living only, receive additional leave for a monthly period, paid according to the average monthly wage.
The link between reproductive rights and family law is clear: maternity and paternity are the direct consequence of the enjoyment of the rights of citizens.
The adoption of new codes of marriage and the family, and the work of the family was the most important aspect of the development of legislation.
The promotion of investment and technology activities undertaken by UNIDO is mainly to promote partnerships and linkages (such as transfer of technology, outsourcing, trade and other forms of strategic agreements) between foreign companies and national firms.
In this regard, the programme for cleaner production has already begun to cooperate with UNIDO's services to increase energy efficiency, for the training of staff assigned to CNPP and PPP and the identification, development and implementation of technical cooperation projects to the Kyoto Protocol and GEF.
It is therefore ready to provide the Committee any additional information that might wish.
Nine seats for Western European and other States
It examines the results achieved in the development and organization areas, with particular attention to the linkages between evaluations, the acquisition of knowledge, decision-making and partnerships.
SADC intends to introduce the concept of disarmament, demobilization, reintegration and development and to convene a regional workshop on this issue.
Resource requirements (before recosting): $2,697,600
Demands that the parties of Liberia cease hostilities throughout the territory of Liberia and fulfil their obligations under the Comprehensive Peace Agreement and the ceasefire agreement, including for the training of the Joint Monitoring Board established by the ceasefire agreement;
Invites donor countries and recipient countries to consider, in their programmes and bilateral projects for the formation of armed forces, security forces, prison personnel, police and medical personnel, issues relating to the protection of human rights and the prevention of torture, without prejudice to gender dimensions;
The Study Group conducted an initial exchange of views based on the report of the Study Group of 2002 (A/57/10, paras. 489 to 513); and on the thematic summary, prepared by the Secretariat, the debate held by the Sixth Committee at its fifty-seventh session (A/CN.4/529, sect.
Major resources of the programme
• Ensuring the overall management of the decision-making process and activities of the Office of the Prosecutor, under the relevant provisions of the legal infrastructure of the Court and the settlement of the Office of the Prosecutor
Other resources
The main objective of the Human Resources Section is to enable the Court to attract and recruit qualified qualified persons in order to provide a diversified and flexible number of staff, including career opportunities and training opportunities, ensuring effective management of their benefits and their rights and by establishing a system that all staff members are physically physically and emotional.
• All equipment and articles are subject to receipt and inspection before admission to the Court
• Develop new modules for the Intranet
Organization material in the Hague and the field
Three interpreters in French, English, Spanish and Russian and four language in Chinese and Arabic.
Each State Party shall also consider the adoption of appropriate legislative and administrative measures, consistent with the objectives of this Convention and in accordance with the fundamental principles of its domestic law, to increase transparency for the financing of candidates to a public office and, where appropriate, financing of political parties.
(a) Public dissemination of information on procurement procedures and markets, including information on requests for bids and relevant information on procurement of markets, sufficient time for bidders to prepare and submit their tenders;
(b) States Parties may use the absence of dual criminality to deny assistance under this article.
(c) To meet the special needs of Africa: consolidation of democracy, lasting peace, eradication of poverty and sustainable development.
The case of Burkina Faso, developing countries in many poor, more than other of the same category, is presented in the following box; it has shown how the country is working with the assistance of the United Nations system, with various initiatives to achieve the Millennium Development Goals.
While welcoming the recent adoption of initiatives such as “other of the weapons”, the Group of 77 was eager to study with its development partners, and encourage such policies so that they contribute directly to improving living conditions in Africa, which the international community should provide full support if it wished to achieve a reduction of poverty in the Millennium Declaration.
Three basic aspects of the information technology and communication strategy:
At the time of time, we must take measures to prevent the situation to increase more and to ensure that our President did not do anything.
(e) Ensure the continuation and strengthening of cooperation and political and operational support to the Tribunal by external partners such as Governments and non-State entities;
It should also be necessary for the time time for the arguments (e.g., they tend to go over two to five days, according to the number of accused).
The practice of simultaneous trials is to judge two cases during periods of periods, such as the following lines: trial five weeks, trial 5 weeks, trial five weeks, etc.
The members of the Chief Executives Board of the United Nations System for Coordination (CEB) welcomed the study, which it considers that it is a well-known and useful framework for the revision, re-evaluing or adjust policies with regard to the costs of support for extrabudgetary activities of the United Nations system.
In accordance with that resolution, since 1994, the Special Rapporteur submitted 10 major reports to the Commission on Human Rights and 8 reports of work to the General Assembly, which are also annexed to the Commission or to the Assembly.
In addition, we would like to reiterate the need for the freedom of freedom of the press, to draw the attention of the Egyptian authorities on the need to combat any call for religious hatred, which constitutes incitement to discrimination, hostility or violence, and that should therefore be prohibited by law.
Pursuant to Commission on Human Rights resolution 2001/41 of 23 April 2001, the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights organized an expert seminar to discuss the interdependence of democracy and human rights on 25 and 26 November 2002 in Geneva.
Group B
At the same time, over the past 10 years, institutions, initiatives and legislation are all in the context of inclusion, recognizing that the protection of minority rights was an integral part of any democratic development.
As Guyana on this collective system for peace and security, it is to ensure that the new resolution of reform would reasonably be able to protect its sovereignty and territorial integrity, which is most important.
We must encourage global institutions and create effective partnerships within the framework of just and open trade, and also should strengthen the development of the least developed countries.
A regional strategy was also developed to facilitate interventions against HIV/AIDS.
Mr. Pavanjeet Singh Shu (India)
(d) Encourages, where the States concerned agree, the adoption of a cross-border perspective for sustainable mountain development, and the exchange of information in this regard;
(a) Encourages the United Nations system to intensify efforts to strengthen inter-agency collaboration, with a view to making more effective implementation of chapter 13 of Agenda 21 and paragraph 42 of the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation;
(i) To monitor the operation of the Global Project for the preparation of national communications, in particular its efficiency and efficiency, and continue to ensure that the implementation of this project is in accordance with the guidance provided by the Conference of the Parties;
16.17 The issue of publications in the programme of work was reviewed.
[on the report of the Second Committee (A/58/481/Add.1)]
As requested by the Statistical Commission at its thirty-fourth session,** the Secretary-General has the honour to transmit the report of the London Group on Environmental Accounts.
(a) To coordinate the activities of the London Group, including the organization of its meetings and the preparation of its work;
Thirdly, the work of the Department of Public Information should be strengthened.
In addition to increasing the volume of Chinese information on the United Nations web site, the number of visitors from the Russian-language colleagues.
At the 4th meeting, the President also invited the representatives of UNEP and UNDP to make statements.
At its 7th meeting, on 29 October, after having considered a proposal by the Chairman, the SBI decided to recommend a draft decision on administrative and financial matters, on sub-items (a), (b), and (c), for adoption by the Conference of the Parties at its eighth session.
Notes
The spread and salt of women are among the most important chemicals and mineral metals (including, e-mail and lead) are very precious.
From 1990 to 2002, Poland reformed its public service.
(h) To cooperate with NGOs and civil society organizations to promote the protection of human rights and freedoms.
A citizen of Polish cannot lose citizenship, except if it ceases.
According to paragraph 1 of article 41, the deprivation of liberty or an impediment to freedom is admissible only according to the principles and modalities provided by law.
The question of rivers, and Hasbani continues to be a source of tension and escalation between Israel and Lebanon.
Although the posts are frozen, they will continue to be included in the staffing table approved (see table 1).
Detailed information on activities that require resources from additional funds are presented in document FCCC/SBI/2003/15/Add.1.
Additional adjustments have been made due to changes in the exchange rate between the United States dollar, currency in which United Nations accounts are registered, and the euro of the host country.
Approves the staffing table for the programme budget, as contained in table xx below;
Takes note of the Peacebuilding Fund: Peaceful settlement of territorial disputes established by the General Assembly of the Organization of American States in 2000 as a major mechanism, given its broader regional scope, for the prevention and settlement of territorial disputes and land and maritime borders, also note of the Trust Fund for the Caribbean of the International Maritime Ocean Conference, held in Mexico from 6 to 8 May 2002, and calls upon the Conference on the Delimitation of the Sea Sea, held in Mexico from 6 to 8 May 2002,
Also takes note also of the Pacific Pacific policy in the Pacific Islands approved at the thirty-third meeting of the Pacific Islands Forum, held in Suva from 15 to 17 August 2002;
At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.6/58/L.11 without a vote (see para.
He noted with interest that financial resources from bilateral donors had been increased, and noted the initiative of the United Nations system to improve consistency of technical cooperation activities.
Some children that the Government's Government and the rebels have been abducted or willing to join their ranks to the death on the lines of front.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Mindful of the responsibility of the international community to protect human rights and to respect international law,
Mr. Pecenen Byyyay, therefore supported the proposal for the consideration of the item for two years, on the understanding that the vote of the motion does not imply a position in favour or against the two draft resolutions; it is simply to recognize the need for a consensus on a consensus.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
(d) Awareness awareness and public opinion in the importance of space applications as a means of promoting economic and social development;
The Inter-American Development Bank was established in December 1959 to contribute to the promotion of economic and social development in Latin America and the Caribbean.
Non-expendable property referred to in footnote 11 to the financial statements were the property of the organization as at 31 December 2002, without no burden.
In a memorandum of 5 February 2003, the Bureau considered that the “special clause” remained not valid, insofar as it was included in the contract at the time of recruitment, without that the person had been declared by UNHCR.
(b) The Secretary-General to provide special rapporteurs and the joint mission all necessary to enable them to fully fulfil their mandate;
Despite the improvement of the situation of indigenous peoples in the political discourse in the 1980s, indigenous people are facing the Bank's commitment to the implementation and respect of these policies, which are often interpreted as a madele.
ITC Secretariat 35-37 Sackville St.
Almost almost all countries possess the chemical sector, almost 80 per cent of global production is the fact of 16 countries, including the vast majority of the OECD.
Resolution
In this regard, it was reported that, in its resolution 1373 (2001), the Security Council clearly stated that the claim of political motivation should not be considered as justification for the rejection of requests for extradition of terrorist acts.
The documents of technical meetings and seminars held at the request of the Assembly will also be submitted to the Committee.
Under agenda item 117:
Brazil
Guatemala
(b) To make comments on the future direction of the Partnership and the programme for the period 2004-2006.
The SBI decided to transmit the draft decision contained in document FCCC/SBI/2003/L.3/Add.1 to the COP at its ninth session.
The Advisory Committee recommends acceptance of the establishment of this post;
The increase in resources under expenditure other than those related to posts ($103,800 Swiss francs, or 5.6 per cent) relate mainly to the increase in grants and contributions ($407,900) to cover the costs of the Office of Internal Oversight Services and the Office of the United Nations Office for Internal Oversight Services, as well as the provision of the provision of furniture and equipment to the United Nations Office of Internal Oversight Services, in accordance with the request of the Office of Internal Oversight Services, in accordance with the request of the Office of Internal Oversight Services, in accordance with the request of the Office of Internal Oversight Services.
This is a common “use” with regard to the definition and accuracy of the definition of environmental goods.
In designing, they respond to a specific recommendation and aims at environmental purposes: for example, a recycling facility remains a recycling facility even if technical techniques had been changed.
For intellectual property rights, it was possible to apply article 64, paragraph 2, and article 67 of the Agreement on the Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights that affect trade (ADPIC), the WTO-WTO projects that provide incentives to transfer technology.
A number of recommendations presented to the meeting relate to actions that would be possible to enter at the national level:
The increase in expenditure and the costs that resulted in this heading are attributable to the revision of the revised adjustment rate from 1 November 2002 to the new salary scales for the Professional and higher categories and for the Field Service (two categories of the status shall be governed by 100 and 300 staff staff) from 1 January 2003.
(a) A new paragraph read as follows:
Description of methods used to identify key sources of reference to the tables of the main sources of the CRF on the degree of detail tables 7.C1 to 7.
Annex I Parties should be expected to meet all the cells in relation to the volume of amounts or removals, data collection and emission factors.
Italy is one of the most serious countries affected by population ageing.
For example, the topic relates to primary State obligations and that it was recognized that the existence and conciliation of “ legitimate interests and factors”.
It also did not have an obstacle to judicial proceedings for other reasons.
Another type of action in common law is the rule of reference to the general mandate, which is increasingly implemented in the United States.
Introduction
We fully support efforts to streamline the activities of the General Assembly and are willing to assist other delegations, as well as our desire to bear the heavy burden of meetings to be perpetuated.
A number of resolutions were adopted by the General Assembly since the beginning of the 1990s, which are important to the revitalization of the General Assembly and which was based on the draft resolution we have just adopted.
Procedures differ because the needs are not all the same.
These are accompanied by pressure on the purpose of which is to commit to accept amendments or changes that would limit or reduce the rights of indigenous peoples recognized in international law.
Stresses the importance of facilitating the accession of all developing countries, in particular the least developed countries, as well as countries in transition, which call for the World Trade Organization, in which paragraph 21 of its resolution 55/18 and subsequent developments;
Contents
For members who have exercised their functions during the duration of a nine-year term, the amount of the pension pension is:
Commission for Social Development
Four specific claims have been found that they could not duplicate four claims “E4” claims, as a result of new or more significant losses, in relation to those declared by the “E4” claimant.
UNSEQ number: E-2449
Agenda item 5 (c)
Several representatives of Governments stated that to attract direct investment, institutions should increase their support for infrastructure development, including in the telecommunication sector.
The development of development is further increasing the burden of the external debt burden of developing countries, capacity-building and increase in resources, as well as the increase in the participation of those countries in decision-making in international forums.
Commission on Narcotic Drugs
On 15 August, a transitional settlement of the border was opened between Nelas in Kosovo and Stzimir in the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia for only local residents.
The movement of minorities has also been hindered by the decision of the Government of the Government of Serbia to sign agreement on the use in Serbia of Kosovo registration and by their appeals to deter Kosovo Serbs from the registration of their vehicle.
Welcomes the report of the Secretary-General (E/CN.4/2003/72);
I take this opportunity to thank Member States and relevant United Nations bodies for their support and assistance.
My country also welcomes the adoption of the International Code of Conduct against Ballistic Missile Proliferation, we believe that it is a first step in the direction of establishing a legal norm in this area.
Symbols of United Nations documents are composed of capital letters combined with figures.
Sub-Saharan Africa
It will also be possible to link the site of global websites and the ECLAC website on follow-up to United Nations conferences and summits, which will be launched in June 2003 on the occasion of the fourth regional inter-agency inter-agency coordination meeting.
The oil prices already included a “launching war” of approximately 5 per cent in the last months of 2002 and exceeded 31 per cent in January 2003.
They will take every first step at an initial adjustment by accession to the United Nations in order to meet the baseline level of reference to budgetary deficits, given their position of departure, which could therefore be implemented in this period, which would have a negative impact on economic growth.
A. Ahear et al., op.
Under article 5 of the Act on National Self-Government, the authority of foreign policy is a constitutional prerogative of the Danish Government and no part of that institution cannot be transferred to the autonomous administration of the Faro Islands.
For example, financial assistance is for example for the costs of exploitation of ethnic minority associations, cross-cultural activities and information papers, as well as different types of integration projects.
The Social Community of 1989 provides the right to use collective action in situations of interest of interest, particularly the right to strike, subject to the obligation to respect national regulations and collective agreements.
In addition, the person concerned must work at least 20 days during each quarter.
The high proportion of people in the population is primarily responsible for the relatively high rate of mortality and has negative impact on life expectancy.
In close collaboration with Governments, United Nations agencies and non-governmental organizations, the Special Representative has played an important role in advocacy and facilitated campaigns that resulted in new instruments and new standards for the protection of children, as follows:
These organizations have played a key role in the development and implementation of the programme.
• Co-regional cooperation in the European Union, the European Union Agreement signed in Cotonou (Benin), in 2000, took into account the various elements proposed by the Special Representative at the Joint Union-EU Ministerial Union.
The presence of the United Nations, where in the world, has always been seen as a symbol and a guarantee of universal human values.
The second, on the role of civil society in the prevention of armed conflict, has attracted a wide range of views, including in non-governmental organizations.
Items 136 to 141, 144 to 146, 148 and 150
It also continued its efforts to raise awareness of women's rights in all its activities and mechanisms for human rights protection mechanisms, including through the adoption of a strategy on gender equality.
I, the Commission on Human Rights, the Secretary-General or the High Commissioner for Human Rights established committees or investigative teams.
Recommendations on travel grants
In accordance with the provisions applicable to consultations with non-governmental organizations in general and special consultative status with the Council, the Council approved its resolution 1996/31, consultative status, to submit every four-year report on their activities, including support for the work of the United Nations.
In accordance with the recommendations of the Advisory Committee contained in its report (see A/C.5/57/SR.2), UNFPA has undertaken a series of activities that are part of a comprehensive, systematic and long-term analysis of its programmes and projects aimed at rationalizing its activities, better targeting and to make more effective information.
Women's focal points for women have been appointed in each ministry and the Ministry of Women to strengthen their capacity to implement national policy on gender equality.
Recalling its resolution 57/13 of 11 December 2002,
SMEs represented a characteristic of the economy of services, and often the large development of developing countries in small-scale enterprises.
In the area of statistical statistics, it was necessary to encourage data collection, as well as work on a assessment of social impact and impact on development of services.
Assistance was particularly important than African countries continue to engage in parallel negotiations with the European Union to conclude regional economic cooperation agreements.
E/2003/L.11/Rev.1
(a) Implementation of human rights instruments (continued)
Conclusions of technical authentication
In order to combat the threat of international terrorism, the Government of Indonesia continues to take appropriate and appropriate measures to strengthen legislation and institutional capacity in this area.
Decisions by countries
Purpose
The Australian citizenship certificate is not a identity document.
Calls upon all States, in particular the nuclear-weapon States, to work actively in the early conclusion of an agreement on a common approach, in particular on a common basis that could be included in an international instrument that have binding force;
The provisions of paragraph 2 of the draft resolution relate to subprogramme 3 (Development and codification of international law) of programme 5 of the medium-term plan for the period 2002-2005, and (b) of chapters 8 (IV) and 2 General Assembly affairs and conference services for the biennium 2004-2005.
65 Report of the World Summit on Sustainable Development, Johannesburg, South Africa, 26 August-4 September 2002 (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.03.II.A.1 and corrigendum), chap. I, resolution 2, annex.
The representatives of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) and the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) participated in the session.
Question 7.
In order to distinguish between the two types of cloning, it is intended to try to hide the fact that there is a human life of the destruction to the destruction in order to produce cells cells or other experiences.
There is no discussion, and it seems that the differences of views will continue, no opinion should be imposed on all other.
The development of the infrastructure of transport and information technology and communication, including the elimination of the “obilable”, would enhance transit transport and enable landlocked countries to provide transport services to their neighbours.
Mr. De Rivero (Peru) (spoke in Spanish): I thank the Permanent Representative of the United States and President of the Security Council for having submitted the annual report of the Council covering the period from 1 August 2002 to 31 July 2003 (A/58/2).
Follow-up to the United Nations system-wide action plan for combating drug abuse (even years)
Report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the World Programme of Action concerning Disabled Persons (A/C.3/58/L.8/Rev.1, para.
Expresses its deep concern at the tragic situation of internally displaced persons in Africa, calls upon States to take concrete measures to prevent displacement of population and provide assistance and protection to internally displaced persons, in this regard, in this regard, to the Guiding Principles on internally Displaced Persons, and urges the international community, through the leadership of the relevant United Nations agencies, to contribute generously to national projects and programmes to alleviate the plight of those persons;
Recalling its resolution 57/304 of 15 April 2003,
Globalization must make benefits to all.
Most recently, in February 2003, two mobile-based surveillance stations, L-B-Betet (PS08) and Shumville (PS1), have been formally registered by the Technical Technical Secretariat; the construction of a ship-to-Free Control facility (NN16) in Yellkkife was completed in March 2003.
The Committee also welcomes the establishment of a general and transparent post-General and transparency, which characterized recent appointments for posts.
Also at the 61th meeting, the representative of the United States of America orally revised a amendment to the draft resolution by which paragraph 6 (g) should read as follows:
It is clear that, in the context of growing globalization, the measures taken by a Government may often have a negative impact (including and negative) on the right to food of the people of another country (for example in the context of trade in agricultural products).
Under article 507, the members of the groups referred to in article 499, which cooperate with the judicial authorities to identify criminal offenders or re-establish their criminal intentions will be from a analogy.
At the longer time, a legal framework in both flexible and effective legal framework could be a useful instrument to accelerate economic growth.
Decision of the Special Committee dated 21 June 2001 concerning Puerto Rico
We welcome the efforts of you to preserve the aspirations of the peoples of those Territories, including the majority in the Caribbean and the Pacific, in their quest for independence.
I invite you to consider the Committee as a friend, who wish to work with you and for you, for the realization of the rights that are not the ones.
The General Assembly,
Welcomes the first framework of cooperation by the United Nations Development Programme for the period 1998-2002, which should, inter alia, facilitate the development of a national development plan, which will establish procedures for national development priorities for 10 years, mainly on health, population, education, tourism and economic and social development;
In the Ministry of Public Affairs, a State Secretariat was responsible for the advancement of women and women's participation in development, reflecting the commitment of the Government to give specific attention to women's issues in the Congo, all the heads of State participating in meetings of the Council of Ministers.
Ethiopia thanks the group of the Quadada and other countries for initiatives taken for LDCs in the field of market access, which was intended to create competitive competitive advantage and encourage investment in the areas covered by the programme.
However, it is expected that the Organization concluded in the year ending a cash balance, which is estimated at $3.4 million under the regular budget — which would be favourable to the estimates.
Muslims
Maintenance
We have spent food, tents, treatment, medicine and medical equipment.
Natural disasters, particularly floods, contribute to worsening habitats and to reduce resources in the East East subregion.
As part of their daily activities, women are the main protection of forest-related lands and is therefore what depends on the future productivity of forests.
National and regional markets, including commercial cooperation among developing countries, should not be neglected.
The Government of Slovenia established a interdepartmental working group on the implementation of restrictive measures and monitoring activities related to terrorism.
At the end of the year, 43 countries had ratified the Optional Protocol on Children in Armed Conflict.
Report submitted by Sweden
- Financing of terrorism (art.
Ms. Otiti (Uganda) said that his delegation had been included by the authors because of a technical error.
(b) A copy of the memorandum and articles of association of society;
Subject to other priorities and resources, the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo intends to advance this process in the past few months.
Fifty-eighth session
According to a view, the basic criterion for establishing a balance between the interests of buyers and those secured creditors was the concept of “the normal service of cases”.
The Working Group of the Medium-term Plan and the programme budget will be submitted annually annually for a thorough study on a technical cooperation programme.
The problem of cotton was crucial, and the challenges of African producers should be considered a moral and moral perspective.
The Action Programme of Action launched by the Commonwealth of Independent States to curb the spread of HIV/AIDS in Eastern Europe and Central Asia to achieve the objectives set out in the Declaration of Commitment through a large-scale national action of the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA).
Recognizes that all parents, which are best placed in order to ensure that children are the duty to guide children, to raise them in a healthy environment, to realize the sense of responsibility, integrity, responsibility, conscience, compassion and service for others, to contribute to strengthening families, communities and nations throughout the world;
Most of the Muslim countries in the Middle East, in the West Bank, South-East Asia and in some regions of Africa.
27 October 2003
However, in cases where the sanctions imposed remain in force for a long period of time, as in the case of the sanctions regime against Al-Qaida and the Taliban, the universal rules for reporting can only be effective.
The East Timorese Government is currently considering projects aimed at improving the capacity of East Timor in the two areas, in addition to its ability to address civil strife.
In addition, the Government is exploring ways to strengthen the capacity of national police to the threats of criminal and armed groups in the campaigns and in the area of inter-agency coordination.
The Working Group of the Whole agreed that all Member States should be invited to know whether they wish to take part in the work of the new team and to communicate to the Office for Outer Space Affairs coordinated the focal point for that purpose.
The Criminal Code of Criminal Affairs, in order to make some extent to the conduct referred to in this article, should be radically revised.
Indeed, both in urban and rural areas, illiteracy in the rural and rural areas are accompanied with poverty and work in slums, with dependence and insecurity.
Table 12.5
A number of African countries have taken steps to encourage foreign direct investment to the African countries.
The Group consists of seven people.
The members of the Committee discussed the question without a view to reaching agreement on the causes of the problem and on ways to address them.
They supported the United States military activities on their territory, as they do not forget their own history; they know that the vulnerability and satisfaction of the security and protection of the United States.
Bermuda Economic Review, Economic Research Center, Ministry of Trade in Guam, October-December 2001, www.adad.int/trade.
Implementation of the safeguards of the International Atomic Energy Agency in the Middle East
(Signed) Mohammad A. Aldouri Ambassador Permanent Representative of the Arab Group
With regard to financing, the improvement of the situation in 2002-2003 with regard to income and expenditure and the implementation of the revised recovery policy would also provide good opportunities for the financial and budget budget.
General
Table IV shows the proposed changes to the number of posts funded under the support budget for each of the main components of the appropriation.
The summary table provides to compare the total number of posts of each unit for the current period and for the next biennium.
Table 7
It summarizes the progress made by the Central American countries on the path of peace, freedom, democracy and economic development since the issuance of my last report (A/57/387 and Add.1).
On 23 and 24 May, the Rio Group held its seventeenth session in Cuzco (Peru), 19 members of the Group adopted the Cuzco Consensus, a strategic plan of action to overcome poverty and social exclusion and dealing with the themes of democratic governance, cultural identity and external relations and the promotion of an open and equitable international trading system.
The enormous reconstruction efforts of the region continue to continue with the assistance of the international community.
Panels and monitoring mechanisms and reports
21 and 29 August; 6, 10, 17 to 19, 24, 25 and 27 September; 3, 11, 11, 15, 23 and 28 October; 6, 7, 7, 7, 19 and 25 September; 3, 11, 14, 23 and 28 October; 6, 6, 7, 7, 19 and 25 November; 3, 4, 6, 16 and 30 December 2002; 6, 12, 11, 12, 11, 22 and 24 March; 8, 12, 22 and 24 and 24 and 24 and 24 and 24 of 22 April 2003 and 24 April 2003 and 24 April 2003
UNMOVIC also had contacts with several Governments in the field of export control, particularly in the area of finding practical solutions to issues such as the definition of dual-use equipment and the search for an adequate balance between the objectives of non-proliferation and trade.
According to the Secretary-General, these information are based on the recent study of the United Nations System Chief Executives Board for Coordination (CEB) for the preparation of budget in the United Nations system.
Of the 23 partnerships for sustainable development identified by the Department of Economic and Social Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat in the field of energy, 12 are fully dependent on renewable energy sources.
Nuclear non-proliferation and the peaceful uses of the poor can go hand through transparency and mutual trust.
In this sense, the experience of new democracies is very valuable.
In order to bring this opportunity to address the memory of Sergio Vieira de Mello and his colleagues, I reiterate the deepest condolences of the Bulgarian people to their families.
We can be proud of victory when these attacks will be more effective, because they are making the ultimate nation.
The Government identified some 30,000 persons affiliated to organizations as terrorists because of the nature of their actions.
I wish you every success in your work.
In accordance with paragraph 3 (c) of modalities and procedures, the Conference of the Parties shall decide on the designation of operational entities that have been accredited and designated under the Council.
That is only through their determination and dedication, with the assistance of the secretariat, to carry out the enormous and difficult tasks that had been entrusted.
C. C. C. C. C. C. C.S.
Statistical study, No. 80 (United Nations publication, Sales No.
Adoption of the report of the Committee on its forty-third session
At its twenty-ninth and thirtieth sessions, held in November 2002 and April/May 2003, the Committee reviewed 12 reports that had been submitted by States parties under article 19 of the Convention.
I would like to reiterate the names of the two countries from Asian States wishing to submit a candidate: Japan and Pakistan.
Indicators in the economic and political spheres determine the present and future of our State.
It was in the interest of both developed countries and developing countries to establish a multilateral and equitable trading system.
International agreements should not limit the capacity of Governments to regulate, particularly in the economic, social, environmental and administrative fields, and issues relating to the preservation of national self-government was the most important for the economies of the Group of the Group.
FDI could play a fundamental role in economic growth and development of host countries.
States
For example, the delegation of Poland endorses all the suggestions of the Special Rapporteur, subject to clarification.
Recommendation 4
It was noted in particular that the sector, which are beyond the control of State control and taxation systems, had a considerable impact in the economy of many developing countries.
Sub-Commission on the Rights of the United Nations
The joint programme would enable Member States to take a more comprehensive approach to the prospects and risks of a global society and would be able to implement the proposals of the Secretary-General on science and technology to the Millennium Summit (September 2000), the Declaration of the Group of the Group of the Whole on Science and Technology in the South (October 2000), the Declaration of the Group of the Group of 77 to the promotion of science and technology in the South (October 2002).
It should be clarified in detail how the high-level dialogue of the General Assembly on strengthening international cooperation for development will focus on the implementation of the Monterrey Consensus.
In one of the chain, the new power structures have been used and, although other stations have not followed their use, a normalization of an denunciation would be possible.
They took note of the convening of 16 to 20 September 2002 at Geneva of the Fourth Assembly of States Parties to the Convention.
They strongly supported unilateral unilateral, bilateral and multilateral measures that have been adopted to reduce their military expenditures, thereby contributing to strengthening regional and international peace and security.
Vocational training and job creation should enable cities to enhance the potential of young people.
Introduction
Letter dated 14 November 2003 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the Security Council
I thank you.
Main Committees
3 p.m. Closed meeting Economic and Social Council Chamber
United Nations Children's Fund
The Special Rapporteur on the right to food made an introductory statement.
Although the Middle East region is a particularly sensitive area in the light of the various problems still present and the presence of weapons of mass destruction, Venezuela considers the importance of the international community to achieve that goal, within the framework of the United Nations, to achieve a decisive step towards peace in this region.
It should also be noted that there is a need to better improve the solution of the composition of the composition of the Bureau to facilitate the understanding of the interpretation of the rules governing the composition of the Bureau of the Committee and its subsidiary bodies.
The New York Office of UNCTAD will hold an briefing on its new technical cooperation programme, on Friday, 17 October 2003, from 1.30 to 2.45 p.m. in Conference Room 8.
S/2003/983 Identical letters dated 7 October 2003 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the Security Council and the President of the Security Council [A C E F R S]
Under the sanctions regime (para. 4 (b) established pursuant to resolution 1267 (1999) and paras. 1 and 2 (a) of resolution 1390 (2002) (2005), Member States shall be obliged to freeze without delay the funds and other financial assets or economic resources of persons or entities, including funds belonging to those persons or entities, directly or indirectly, or indirectly in their territory, directly or indirectly, or indirectly in their territory, directly or indirectly.
Almost all federal law enforcement agencies and enforcement of offences have contributed to such efforts by providing basic training courses and in all areas of domestic crime.
Centre for the Suppression and Punishment of the Financial Provisions (Financial Code)
In addition, the Minister of Industry and Trade is empowered, under article 7 of the Act on Companies, to exercise control on objectives, sources of financing and non-profit organizations.
Members of the mission stressed that they have not been able to serve as mediator, or to intervene in the peace talks in Liberia, but they indicated all the parties that they deem it essential: full respect for the ceasefire; a comprehensive settlement permit for the appointment of a transitional Government that will organize the human rights violations, including the end of the recruitment of child soldiers; and the observance of the human rights violations.
(d) Report of the Working Group for the Medium-term Plan and Programme Budget on its fortieth session (13-17 January 2003).
The responsibility of responsibility was not applied in general and the provisions of various conventions on responsibility and relationships between them.
The Advisory Body of Experts on the Law of the Sea considered the following issues at its meetings: (1) draft criteria and guidelines of the Intergovernmental Oceanographic Commission on the transfer of marine technology; (2) that the International Law of the United Nations in the field of science and research of the sea and the transfer of marine technology and the transfer of marine technology and the transfer of marine technology and the transfer of marine technology in the field of science and scientific technology.
The report on the fourth meeting is contained in document A/58/95.
As a follow-up to the Conference and the adoption of the Almaty Programme of Action, the special needs of landlocked developing countries are now at the heart of the concerns of the international development community.
He hoped that the Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries and the Programme of Action for the Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States will follow the same pattern of review, and that the General Assembly will request the Secretary-General to submit a annual report on the implementation of the Almaty Programme of Action.
After a civil war that has been exacerbated by the national economy, Burundi can not be able to carry out its current and external security programme to combat poverty without the support of the international community.
This has a negative effect on the privatization process.
(b) To continue to transmit to the Secretary-General for time to the General Assembly at its sixtieth session, their views and suggestions on ways to strengthen and expand participation in the standardized reporting system, including changes to its content and structure;
The difficulty to decide at the outset when the debtor should be subject to liquidation proceedings rather than reorganization led some countries to review their insolvency law and to replace separate procedures by a “one” procedure.
Many people are reluctant to send their children, particularly girls, in school, taking into account dangerous situations.
We attach great priority in our collaboration with our partners of WHO and others to encourage breastfeeding as the best solution to protecting the health of children.
At its thirty-sixth session in 2003, the Committee had before it the reports of the Working Group VI (Security Interests) on its second and third sessions (A/CN.9/531 and A/CN.9/532) and the report on the first joint session of Working Groups V and VI (A/CN.9/535).
Adoption of the report
The Special Rapporteur is also concerned about the opposition of the Government of the United States of America to the establishment of the International Criminal Court and its efforts to achieve the conclusion of bilateral agreements with member States under article 98 of the Rome Statute.
The Special Rapporteur transmitted 24 interventions to the authorities of Argentina, Argentina, Belarus, Egypt, Ecuador, Guatemala, Equatorial Guinea, Iran (Islamic Republic of), Italy, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Mauritania, Nicaragua, Pakistan, Peru, Sudan, Tunisia and Zimbabwe.
4.7 The judge shall be informed on its financial and trust interests and will spare every possible effort to be informed on the financial interests of the family members.
Member States reported some difficulties encountered in the implementation of the Plan of Action for the Implementation of the Declaration on the Guiding Principles of Drug Demand Reduction.
(c) Strengthen technological support institutions and scientific advisory mechanisms; strengthening human capacities; identification of new technologies and applications; and encourage international collaboration in support of research in areas falling in the areas;
At the 3rd meeting, on 6 May, statements were made by the representatives of India, Germany, Brazil, the Islamic Republic of Iran, Cameroon and Chile, as well as by the observers for Egypt and Croatia.
The Strategic Approach was discussed at the fourth session of FISC (Forum IV) held in Bangkok from 1 to 7 November 2003.
In his opening statement, Mr. Kim Hak-July welcomed during the first stage of the process that would result in the organization of an international conference on chemicals management.
Response measures
I would like to say that, in the Council, in the Council, it was for my experience to us.
We greatly appreciate the determination and belief with which you express the positions of your country in very difficult circumstances.
Economic, social and cultural rights

A technical cooperation project for the University of Maputo (Mozambique) is ongoing and should be completed in 2003.
The debt-building of the debt-related procedures for debt-servicing procedures and by comparing inconsistencies in the claims of creditors.
This is a smaller country with a large population, but 2.2 of 3.3 million people are threatened from starvation.
I still fail to understand why it is difficult to accept the facts.
Article 2.8
Article 4.5 is established by the contingency fund for peacekeeping operations as a cash permit for the Organization to take prompt action during the start of new peacekeeping operations or the expansion of existing operations, and to finance unforeseen and extraordinary expenses related to peacekeeping.
These agreements include the services that the Organization should provide for full reimbursement of expenditures.
Ex gratia payments
(e) To know that it is preferable in the interest of the Organization to provide property or to replace a symbolic price for another intergovernmental organization, a Government, a public or other non-profit organization.
Article 6.4. The Secretary-General may, after a thorough investigation, authorize write-off and loss of cash losses, goods and other assets, with the view that it should submit to the Board of Auditors at the same time the accounts of all the accounts and losses.
(a) Programme of work and provisional agenda (A/CONF.22/PC/4);
The President: The Assembly will now take a decision on the draft resolution recommended by the First Committee in paragraph 9 of its report.
May I take it that the Assembly wishes to adopt the draft resolution as orally amended?
Abstaining:
It is not possible, through their nature, imposing confidence-building measures that must, therefore, be defined and agreed on the basis of volunteerism, at the time of the time being considered by States in the process.
If the developing countries will be more marginalized.
In Kisangani, he met the families of the victims of the massacres of May 2002 and victims of sexual abuse; it also visited prison and cells.
The cost of the possible option of building the daily offices is estimated to $985,671.
Special rapporteurs and representatives, experts and chairpersons of working groups for the implementation of the special procedures of the Commission, as well as the chairpersons of human rights treaty bodies, regrets that the fight against terrorism is a pretext to threaten human rights defenders and take vulnerable groups with regard to the gap in their own economic and economic circumstances, which are particularly the case of migrants, refugees and asylum-seekers, indigenous peoples and those who are entitled to the effects of migrants, refugees and asylum-seekers.
Why do so?
My fifth proposal is a general character: it is to take action on the source of those two scourges.
In order to achieve a lasting settlement of these conflicts, it is essential that the peoples and Governments of the transition of those States receive accounts and enforce justice.
The Security Council has adopted resolution 1474 (2003), which invites regional organizations, in particular the African Union, to assist the Somali parties and States in the region to fully implement the arms embargo, a key component of the national reconciliation process in Somalia.
In truth, the League of Arab States has played the role that it is expected to respond to the deteriorating political and security situation in the region, whether Palestine, Iraq or regional security.
It has also sought to ensure that inspectors, when they return to Iraq, can work and freedom of liberty — which was recognized in Security Council resolution 1441 (2002).
Consideration of draft resolutions A/C.2/58/L.27 and A/C.2/58/L.65
Calls upon the United Nations system to integrate a gender perspective in all their programmes and policies, including in a coherent follow-up to United Nations conferences, in accordance with the agreed conclusions 1997/2 on mainstreaming gender mainstreaming, the Economic and Social Council adopted at its substantive session of 1997, and welcomes the decision of coordination and evaluation of the system, at its substantive session of 2004,
It is true that a large number of countries covered by the HIPC Initiative did not implement the implementation of the IMF reform programmes.
Chairman: Mr. Koníček (Czech Republic)
The main counsel that Mr. Dow may give the Commission to do not allow this issue to a political point.
Strengthening of the action of the United Nations in the field of human rights through the promotion of international cooperation and respect of non-selectivity, impartiality and objectivity
We hope that through efforts and effective implementation, a reasonable compromise can be reached on the issue of Security Council reform in all its aspects.
My delegation takes this opportunity to reiterate once again that the Democratic People's Republic of Korea has fully fulfilled its obligations in accordance with the provisions of the 1994 Agreement between the People's Republic of Korea and the United States, until its withdrawal of the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons.
The Committee adopted the concluding observations on the fourth periodic report of Sri Lanka.
In accordance with the rules of procedure of the General Conference, corrections shall be submitted within a period of seven days after the receipt of the record or closure of the session, if it takes note later.
Welcoming the restructuring of the bureaux of the Committee and its two subcommittees, he said that his delegation welcomed the importance of working with them on issues such as space education and disaster reduction.
Substantive servicing of meetings: substantive servicing of annual meetings organized with the Division for Ocean Affairs and the Law of the Sea
Recalling the commitments of the World Summit on Sustainable Development to achieve more effective and coherent implementation of the three objectives of the Convention and to obtain a significant slowdown in the current pace of loss of biodiversity, which will require measures at all levels, including the implementation of national strategies and plans of action for the preservation of biodiversity and the allocation of financial and other financial resources to developing countries,
The budget should be reformulated to take into account the costs and resources resulting from the unification of the country.
(g) Report of the Secretary-General on the status of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women (A/58/341);
was deleted;
(g) In paragraph 4, the two of the word “in” of the word “to-life” was in place, and the other cases replaced by the word “P” and the phrase “Promoting the Secretary-General to intensify its efforts” was replaced by the phrase “Promoting the Secretary-General and heads of the United Nations system to intensify their efforts”;
At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.21/Rev.1 without a vote (see para.
Welcoming the progress made in the implementation of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, but concerned the problems that remain,
The General Assembly decided to endorse the recommendations made by the Committee for Programme and Coordination, as contained in section C.4 of the report.
The Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe organized a meeting of Central Asian countries on the illicit trafficking in small arms and light weapons in the course of which a discussion was devoted to ratification and implementation of the Firearms Protocol.
3 p.m. Informal consultations (closed) Conference Room 5
Taking note of the report of the Secretary-General, submitted in accordance with General Assembly resolution 1999/21 of 23 April 1999, and reports of the Secretary-General on the implementation of resolutions 52/120 of 12 December 1997 and 55/110 of 4 December 2000,
It is important that the Congress will take into account its initial refusal to support domestic remedies and provide funding and institutional stability by adopting the programme.
Identity and rights of indigenous people
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Introduction of draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.17/Rev.1
Model provision 8.
See chap.
[Adopted without a vote.
They were killed simply because they were Serb and to send all Serbs living in Kosovo and Metohija that they need to go and that there is no chance of reconciliation, or to achieve the multi-ethnic society set out in Security Council resolution 1244 (1999) and we call for all our wishes.
The United Kingdom supports the reform and establishment of the Kosovo Protection Corps, to address emergency emergencies.
For this reason, the responsibility of Israel to stop those violations of Lebanese airspace and prevent the tension and instability in the region.
(c) Approves the provisional agenda and documentation for the 2003 session of the Committee as set out below.
In this sense of the Organization, there are still no tolerance against those who encourage intolerance, discrimination, hatred and violence.
The Committee agreed that the two Secretariat should continue to cooperate.
At its resumed session of 2001, the Committee had before it special reports submitted by five non-governmental organizations in response to a complaint filed by the delegation of the Islamic Republic of Iran.
He stressed that the Committee's concern was to ensure that such NGOs did not lose its status with the Council in carrying out its activities in a manner that is the territorial integrity of a member State.
Twenty-five meetings (from 25 to 50th) were held.
However, the linkages between areas, the balance to seek, chronological order, costs and benefits, were considered complex issues.
Angola hosted the seventh Conference on Trade and Financing for Oil and Gas in Africa in May 2003.
If so, please describe what measures have been taken.
The persons whose DNA is the subject of analysis, which is the right to know those information, for which it is stored and that they can access.
The criteria set forth in the European Companies Convention are the following: (i) new; (ii) activity; (iii) industrial control.
2 and 17 (b) of the European Agreement on the Road Delimitation of 13 December 1957 or articles 18 and 34 (c) of the Convention on the Protection of Organers and Producers, Producers of Trainono and Broadcasting Organizations on 26 October 1961.
(h) To accept approval of the implementation plan;
The rural population has increased in the North-East and South-west regions (from 49.8 per cent to 50.0 per cent) and 49.1 per cent to 49.3 per cent), respectively, while it fell in the following areas: Bucharest (from 49.8 per cent), South Africa (from 49.4 per cent) and the Centre (from 49.4 per cent) and the Centre (from 49.4 per cent).
Women and men have also equal rights for the citizenship of their children.
The different methods of family planning were not well known before 1989 and couples were most often used to natural methods and condoms.
This revaluation of the amount of the allowance reflects the increase in the price of school supplies, food, clothing and other types of standards for children, and to prevent school drop-out, a phenomenon that has taken the extent of the most recent financial resources of families with children.
The lack of development activities in the most volatile areas of the country has not been without effect.
More than 40 countries have benefited from the United Nations Development Group (UNDG), with grants provided by donors to finance or improve common services provided to 24 country teams.
UNDP partnerships with international financial institutions — particularly the Bretton Woods institutions — focused on the implementation of the Millennium Declaration and on poverty reduction papers.
A representative of a point of order cannot, in his statement, address the substance of the item in discussion.
(e) It would be hoped that the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation established the Commission to serve as a focal point for coordination of discussions on partnerships to promote sustainable development, and reiterate that partnerships, as well as voluntary initiatives by stakeholders, contribute to the implementation of intergovernmental commitments in the framework of Agenda 21, the Programme for the Further Implementation of Agenda 21 and the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation.
United Nations
We look forward to seeing you our proposal.
For example, the proposal to impose an immediate moratorium on trade activities in the extractive industries in Liberia was in the context of the past experiences and realities.
Report of the International Civil Service Commission for 2003
According to the model, model 3, in the context that it was not less than two other of the current system, would be used to be used by several organizations.
Conditions of the Professional and higher categories
As a result, the amount of mobility and hardship allowance remains also same.
(e) Study on grade equivalency between the United Nations public service and the Federal Administration of the United States.
He then noted that each of the borrowing was in the course of the invasion and occupation of Kuwait by Iraq.
Monitoring and evaluation of progress towards sustainable forest management
In its resolution 2003/28, the Commission on Human Rights stressed the importance of improving the response of the international community to violence by strengthening local efforts at the national level and through international cooperation.
While nearly 50 business leaders were present at its official launch, before the end of 2003, the Global Compact has become a very developed international network with more than 1,000 countries around the world, several international trade unions and tens of non-governmental organizations, as well as academic institutions and other social actors.
All suspicious transactions identified by the institutions they are reported.
• Contract procedures (D) and credit (C)
Third Committee
At the outset, the campaign against landmines has led to a climate-building of cooperation and cooperation among Governments, international organizations and NGOs.
The situation in Somalia
Item 11
The working group is aware of the importance of the summary of the summary of the report.
Following these deliberations, members of the Committee, based on the provisions relating to the methods of work of the Committee and its subsidiary bodies contained in the report of the Committee on the work of its fortieth session (1997), which the General Assembly approved in its resolution 52/56 of 10 December 1997, reached the following text, which will serve as a basis for the election of members of the Committee at its forty-sixth session.
(b) Encourage dialogue among States, indigenous peoples and other speakers on the concept of indigenous peoples in the context of the promotion and protection of cultural diversity;
Chapter III
), The International Centre for Social Affairs of the International People's Republic of Korea, the International Federation of the International People of the Congo, the International Federation of the International People for Women, the International Federation of the International People of the World's Republic of Korea, the International Federation of the International People for Social Affairs, the International Institute for Social Affairs of the International People's Republic of Korea, the International Centre for Social Affairs, the International Federation of the International People of the World's Republic of Korea, the International Institute for Social Affairs, the International Federation of the International People for Indigenous Peoples, the International Federation of the World People, the International People for Social Affairs, the International People for Social Affairs, the International Federation of the International People for Indigenous Peoples, the International Federation of the World People, the International People for Social Affairs, the International Federation of the World People, the International People for Social Affairs, the International Federation of the World People, the International People for Social Affairs, the International Federation of the World People, the International People for Social Affairs, the International Federation of the World People, the International People for Social Affairs, the International People's Republic of Korea, the International People for Social Affairs, the International Federation
Most Governments are aware of the growing threat posed by the continuation of illicit manufacture, trafficking and abuse of amphetamine-type stimulants and provide measures to mitigate this threat.
These successes require long-term investments in economic development, with support for technical assistance.
The Civil Police Division of the Department of Peacekeeping Operations addressed with the Special Committee on Peacekeeping Questions.
Statement submitted by the Conpretation of our el-Dame of the Charity of Good University, a non-governmental organization with special consultative status with the Economic and Social Council
Table 9 contains updated information on the financial situation of the United Nations Volunteer Commissioner and the Civilian Police Support Unit at 30 June 2002.
Mr. Lero Baja, J.
Resumed substantive session of 2003
Convention on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Mines,oby and Other Mechanisms, as amended on 3 May 1996 (Protocol II, as amended on 3 May 1996) annexed to the Convention on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Certain Conventional Weapons Which May Be Deemed to Be Excessively Injurious or to Have Indiscriminate Effects.
Item 75 (c) of the preliminary list*
The Committee requests whether they are defined to facilitate monitoring and evaluation of results and focus on the establishment of schedule schedules.
However, the Advisory Committee is convinced that there is a need to establish three additional posts to maintain military expertise.
Office of Programme Planning, Budget and Accounts
(a) To continue to cooperate with indigenous human organizations, encouraging their marginalization and strengthen their capacity to take into account issues of concern at the national and international levels;
In paragraph 2 of its resolution 136 (2001), the Council decided that the embargo would not apply to the clothing of protection, including the use of such-law and military military cases temporarily exported in Somalia, for their personal use, by United Nations staff, representatives of the media, humanitarian personnel, development and associated personnel;
The Conference expressed its appreciation for the efforts of the Research Centre on the history, art and Culture of Islamic Peoples (IICCA) to preserve cultural heritage and the Islamic identity of the Muslim communities of non-members of OIC.
The impact of the impact of information on economic and cultural development, and urged States to develop a programme of work for developing States to benefit from communication technologies to bridge digital divide and to participate actively at the World Summit on Information Society and to coordinate their positions.
Mauritius has any legislation against refugees, including armed attacks against refugee camps, and pressure on their host countries.
Recalling the principles and objectives of the Organization of the Islamic Conference, which, in particular, to strengthen Islamic solidarity among Member States and to strengthen their cooperation in the economic, social, cultural and scientific fields and in the whole of the vital sectors;
Invites the Conference on Disarmament to intensify its efforts to reach a consensus on its programme of work, including the establishment of inter-weapon-free bodies on nuclear disarmament, prevention of the arms race in outer space, the prohibition of nuclear material material and international measures to protect non-nuclear States against the use or threat of nuclear weapons.
Calls upon the Conference on Disarmament to begin as soon as possible substantive work on the prevention of the arms race in outer space.
Resolution No. 30/30-P on strengthening the security of non-nuclear-weapon States against the use or threat of nuclear weapons
Security Council resolution No. 7/30-E on External debt of African States and other OIC members
The International Development Organization, held from 14 to 16 September 2002 in Istanbul, a workshop on private sector investment and the role of the IDB in Member States, in collaboration with the relevant institutions of the OIC and also thank the Republic of Turkey for hosting the workshop.
PANDDE, with appreciation of the draft resolutions contained in the ninth meeting of the private sector.
Further calls upon Member States that have technical infrastructure for conservation and re-shipment, to grant scholarships to staff members, to increase their expertise in this area.
Recalling further resolution No. 49/60 of the United Nations on the Declaration of Principles for the Suppression of International Terrorism;
With regard to the whole of the West African region, I hope, will receive the attention of the Council and other institutions of the United Nations system on our mission and in our report, the subregional problems are enormous and we are listed in our report.
As stated in the report, the Security Council and the action of the United Nations and the Economic and Social Council will be decisive to avoid a possible conflict if appropriate measures are not taken.
These negotiations may make a number of most fortunate numbers because they require highly qualified and experienced staff and are a risk of ill-treatment or corrupt practices.
In the letter of support, UNCITRAL asked “considing comments on specific provisions in order to facilitate the preparation of an analytical commentary to the Commission”.
It was therefore necessary to combine economic and political efforts and implement all relevant United Nations resolutions calling for the withdrawal of the Israeli forces of all the occupied territories and declared the right of the Palestinian people to an independent and economically viable State.
Following the adoption of Security Council resolution 1455 (2003), the Minister of Foreign Affairs, in its note No. 12/3/28 of 3 April 2003, provided to the customs authorities of the names of persons and entities listed in the Consolidated List and asked to prohibit the transfer of goods imported or exported by those individuals or entities and to confiscate them in the territory, and to provide the Office of Customs.
Invites States to review and maintain the necessary legislation and practices to ensure that the minimum age of marriage, with or without the consent of parents, for girls and boys, in accordance with the new general comment No. 4 of the Committee on the Rights of the Child;
Also requests the Secretary-General to transmit to the Special Rapporteur all data that have been collected from all relevant information sources, including a compilation of studies and publications on the implications of terrorism and the effects of combating terrorism on the enjoyment of human rights;
Recommends for adoption by the Commission on Human Rights at its sixtieth session the following draft resolution:
In addition, the Committee has no objection to that, as proposed by the Standing Committee, voluntary contributions to the Fund for the biennium 2004-2005 would be complemented by an amount of $2000,000 (see A/58/214, para.
Each sub-agency system is adapted to the technology environment and the proceedings of the organization.
The participants and beneficiaries will be the first to make improvements in the services that they are proposed.
Group of 77 (on Fifth Committee matters)
1st plenary meeting Opening of the fifty-eighth session
Introduction
Education is an important instrument for social change because it allows everyone to acquire new values and change its relations with others.
Reaffirming that the Universal Declaration of Human Rights enshrines the principle of the inadmissibility of discrimination and proclaims that all human beings are born free and equal and equal in dignity and rights, that everyone may enjoy all rights and freedoms proclaimed in the Declaration, without distinction, and that the individual has duties to the community in which only the free and full development of its personality is possible,
However, the Eritrean authorities continue to assert that local staff must fulfil its obligations under national service and several Eritreans working for UNMEE.
The Committee will encourage those who provide assistance to focus in the framework of expanded programmes for capacity-building, capacity-building efforts, to give greater attention to training and to ensure that programmes are implemented and focused on results.
12.44 The subprogramme is under the responsibility of the Investment Division, Development and Technology Division.
(vii) Business Commission, trade facilitation and development:
(b) Other substantive activities (regular budget):
Executive Board
For the second year, they are paid to 217,995,955, including advances made by several Member States on their contribution to the third year.
Observations
(g) Expulsion, refoulement or repatriation of persons to a country or where their lives is in danger and closure of national borders to prevent asylum-seekers to leave a country where their lives is endangered;
There is a growing tendency to give priority to peace at the expense of justice, which can be understood in exceptional circumstances and to overcome short-term crises during a peace process, but that it would undermine the legality and sustainability of the peace process itself.
Unless I hear no objection, I shall take it that the Assembly agrees that this suggestion.
The General Assembly should conduct the election of 11 permanent judges for the International Criminal Tribunal of Rwanda.
We have thus concluded this stage of our consideration of agenda item 18.
It regrets, however, that there is still a need to have yet been adopted in some areas where the proliferation of ballistic missiles remains an urgent issue.
In view of the opening of new reception centres for disarmament, demobilization, repatriation, resettlement and reintegration and the increase in the workload of the Section, a net increase of 38 posts.
With regard to the draft comprehensive convention on international terrorism, the Turkish delegation supports a wide range of implementation.
As stated in previous instalments, the Committee considered the claims of the second part of the fifteenth instalment in accordance with article 35 of the Rules and made its recommendations after evaluating the evidence and other evidence, in which the interests of the claimants who had had to flee a war zone and those of Iraq, which is responsible for damages resulting from Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
However, in order to address this problem, our country takes into account the future assistance of the Counter-Terrorism Committee, international organizations and donor countries.
The media, educational institutions and religious and political personalities of the Palestinian Authority to incite hatred, glority and provide moral moral moral moral, human rights, the massacres.
If we do so, everyone will have the opportunity to intervene before the Council.
Israel has an end to the occupation of our territory, that it ceases to send settlers, which ceases to violate our rights.
The Executive Board, recalling that, in accordance with paragraph 19 of decision 17/CP.7, the Conference of the Parties should assess progress made on the clean development mechanism and, in appropriate, appropriate measures, recommends that the Conference of the Parties consider in its decision on the guidelines to the Executive Board and paragraph below.
In Chile, between 1973 and 1988, all local elections have been suspended, but the Government's Supreme Union was trying to improve the delivery of local services that resulted in a number of reforms, including the sharing of income.
In accordance with General Assembly resolution 2002/21 of the Sub-Commission, the secretariat of the Working Group informed the Council that it had considered the main themes of its work, in 2003: “Indigenous peoples and globalization”; in 2004: “Resolution of disputes on indigenous issues”; in 2005: “Protection of indigenous peoples at the national and international levels”; and in 2006: “Children and young people”.
(b) Representatives and organizations requesting a subvention to indigenous peoples;
Annex II
Chapter Page
The role of good governance in the promotion of human rights
Reaffirming also its commitment to peace, security and justice and the development of friendly relations and cooperation among States,
General Assembly resolution 57/65 on the relationship between disarmament and development and the reason for which it was not mentioned in the programme document was raised.
I should be grateful if you could arrange for the present letter and its annex to be circulated as a document of the Security Council.
Article 101.5.2
In real terms, children's spending have increased 42 per cent between 1998 and 2001.
Having also considered the chapter of the report of the Special Committee on the Situation with regard to the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples on New Caledonia,
Consequently, there is no doubt to speak on the right of peoples to combat the right of peoples to their self-determination.
Cooperation with non-governmental organizations (NGOs): the participation of civil society, general, and non-governmental organizations, in particular, is encumbered under the process of the Convention.
Announcement of contributions to sessions of the United Nations Pledging Conference for the Development Activities of November 2000 for the 2001 2001 and November 2002 for the year 2003.
As at 16 January 2003, the total of new voluntary contributions, which are available for the twenty-second session of the Council, was only at 551,518 (see table 1 above).
(d) If action is intended to object or termination of the contract of a employee and, in the opinion of the head of the State, the head of the Government or the Minister for Foreign Affairs of the State of the State, such action may be involved with the interests of the State in security;
This session will be held at the Congress of Congress Fraa Milano, Milan.
What this process is recognized and designated as appropriate in transition or knowledge of knowledge; or not, any development, any regulations that strengthens the acquisition of knowledge systems, release a natural risk, enables better value and promotion of social, economic and political life.
Mary Robinson informed his intention to leave UNHCR for reasons of professional and professional reasons and I have acceded to his request, without regret.
The Committee suggests that all groups of age in the terms of reference by the Friends of the Presidency should be included.
Underlining the revitalization of the Regional Centre and the efforts made in this regard by the Government of Peru and other countries, as well as the important work done by the Director of the Centre,
Indigenous representatives also stressed the need to read article 30 in the context of other articles dealing with land and development.
Allocation of non-permanent seats
Suggested amendments to subparagraph (b)
(a) Distribution of statements
(1) Delete the subparagraph.
The representative of any agreement or regional organization should indicate in writing to the President of the Security Council that he wished to participate in a meeting of the Council.
Agenda
In the context of the programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005, the Secretary-General should also consider how it would be possible to better provide the necessary support for the implementation of such a strategy within the Organization.
The Committee requests the State party to include in its second periodic report detailed information on all programmes, measures and policies that will be adopted to contribute to the immediate and effective implementation of legislative provisions on gender equality and women, including the representation of women at different levels of government and public service.
Encourages the Secretary-General to continue to take measures to ensure the safety of all staff participating in the Force under the auspices of the United Nations;
Report of the Governing Council of the United Nations Environment Programme on its twenty-second session (resolutions 2997 (XXVII) and 532 of the General Assembly)
Basic economic laws are under consideration, including investment and registration laws and a draft law on bankruptcy.
It is encouraging to note that there had been no delay during the recent period of events at the end of 2002 and at the beginning of this year.
The fourth highlights the fact that the Government of East Timor has managed to generate $44.1 million from income, including $2.7 million for income from the sea of Timor during the past year, shows that the State is increasingly able to mobilize its own resources.
The latter should not address the responsibility of the carrier.
Statements and additional contributions relating to the elaboration of the draft instrument
(d) To encourage, in general, activities aimed at strengthening the independence of the judiciary and the Bar.
During the biennium 2004-2005, the following outputs will be delivered:
The volume of information received by the Special Rapporteur is considerable and increased in the years.
One of which would have been executed before the primary entry of the University, in which it seems, seems to create a climate of terror after a single event before students.
The international community should focus on the growing trend in the use of excessive force;
We would also like to reiterate that, in view of the controversial controversy on the question of the company in producing XV and the sast of coal, which have been destroyed by Iraq, it has made concrete proposals in the recent technical discussions that took place with Mr. Blix and Mr. ElBaradei on 8 and 9 February.
Efforts have been made in the past in the form of texts proposed in the hope of us to overcome the political impasse.
We are expected to increase the number of customs and procurement experts in Iraq.
Let us look forward to peace, as we can be able to ensure that we are willing to do so to do so, demonstrating a determination and political will not.
I wish once again to express the trust and full support of France in their mission.
However, Spain is aware that peace and security are guaranteed by respect and implementation of the Security Council resolutions and that it would be at a time when, owing to a change in political attitudes, lack of a new commitment to cooperation within the regime of Saddam Hussein, the Council will be obliged to assume its responsibilities on behalf of international peace and security.
In this regard, the action of the international community and the Security Council vis-à-vis the Kosovo regime remains the main factor for the cooperation of Iraq with inspectors, and is also the main condition for finding a peaceful solution to the crisis.
(a) Be compatible with the purposes and principles of the United Nations;
Financial accounting entities;
As we have mentioned, Egypt has signed or ratified all conventions with the exception of the 1979 Convention on the Physical Protection of Nuclear Material, which demonstrates its positive attitude towards combating terrorism.
In addition, as it is impossible to build trust over the day, we must remain patients to support and encourage all efforts to promote confidence-building measures.
Table 7
Senior
Letter dated 12 September 2003 from the Permanent Representative of France to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
On the other hand, the two centres in Ethiopia continue to remain a public and one third should soon be opened, both in Aedit.
In some cases, for example, in the water sector, the number of transnational corporations capable of engaging in the world is very limited.
In the framework of these principles, the Government of Croatia has embarked on a range of social and economic reforms aimed at promoting the growth of employment and social welfare, such as effective implementation of its national strategy for the eradication of poverty and the fight against social exclusion and the creation of social partnerships that will give priority to human resources and to ensure education and science in the quest for social progress.
The Committee on Relations with the Host Country will take place on Thursday, 9 October 2003, at 3 p.m. in Conference Room 6.
A mechanism was placed at the rostrum of the General Assembly in order to assist speakers in respect of the time limit.
Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of Crimes against Internationally Protected Persons, including Diplomatic Agents.
Accession: Belize (26 September 20031)
Ratification: El Salvador (26 September 20031)
To ensure that persons with disabilities enjoy their rights, the international community should also support the draft convention and ensure its effective implementation, while taking into account historical, cultural and development differences among countries.
Lithuania stated that the principles adopted should be based on all international standards and rules relating to disability, not only those contained in legal instruments, but also those arising from United Nations bodies and agencies.
The African Union stated that African people should endeavour to eliminate social barriers and promote the principle of affirmative discrimination for disabled persons.
In order to ensure that the Secretariat's divisions provide sufficient resources, the amount of 13 per cent of the budgets of project budgets should be allocated to the division for the project.
The disruption in the supply of medicines, material materials and spare parts of equipment — especially those who are available to emergency services, units of medicine and surgery and other services for adults and children — have only the conditions in which medical personnel are extremely difficult.
This policy has no meaning?
The Government of the Republic of Namibia reaffirms the provisions of General Assembly resolution 57/11 in accordance with its obligations under the Charter of the United Nations and in accordance with the provisions of its Constitution on respect for international law.
[Original: English] [17 June 2003]
Employment has progressed slowly and unemployment rates remained at a reasonable level (3.3 per cent in 2002).
[Original: English/ Spanish] [21 May 2003]
Limited access to energy sources and high fuel costs and shortages resulting from serious impact on urban transport, increasing production costs and affecting the effective functioning of social and urban activities.
Introduction
The transfer of transfers in the bank is the transfer of transfers in the bank and wished to transfer an amount of US$ 10,000 million or equivalent to another other.
Article 35 of the Rules stipulates that:
For example, as proposed by the Secretary-General, establishing a multi-stakeholder group on debt restructuring mechanisms whose discussions and conclusions would be brought to the attention of intergovernmental bodies.
