It also invited the Forum to submit a separate report to the Sub-Commission, a comprehensive and detailed summary of the discussions and recommendations, including the draft resolution.
For example, there is a growing number of children who have been displaced in Ireland, and the results of a informal agreement with all parties to the asylum-seeker special procedures for children.
In order to identify the needs of the recruitment of persons who are recruited and separated from the recruitment of adolescents, UNHCR provided financial assistance to provide a common participation in the study on the capacity of women and children affected by armed conflict.
At least, ways should be explored to help expand our training programmes through financial programmes.
The main hazard groups of the Institute include drug addiction.
The other 14 intellectuals were allegedly arrested and forced to be given the reasons for arrest.
The Working Group conveys its appreciation to the Government for the timely submission of the information required.
As a result of the final comments, the radical party wishes to reiterate that some delegations had said that the definition and/or place of terrorism in the Commission's June session is the way that the issue of terrorism and/or a collective organization of terrorist organizations will be organized by the United Nations bodies.
Cases relating to the United Nations Sales Convention
Responsible Officer: Regional Office of Europe
The senior management of the organization is currently under review.
The Working Group discussed a number of recommendations on the revision of the Rules and judicial practices, which were intended to improve the efficiency of the proceedings of the Tribunal.
As Indonesia has been chaired by the President of the Conference, I would like to briefly address the document entitled “The political declaration of the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction and their means of mass destruction”.
Programme of activities of the International Decade of the World's Indigenous People.
The Netherlands fully aligns itself with the statement made by the President of the European Union of the European Union, and the statement of the Netherlands will be brief.
I would like to take this opportunity to express our deep condolences and sympathy to all the members of the Conference on Disarmament, in the name of the Conference on Disarmament.
See Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-second Session, Supplement No. 3 (A/52/3/Rev.1), chap.
Unilateral sanctions have been implemented and investments are also prohibited.
However, these initiatives are not enough to deter armed gangs and to take up the activities after the subregional forces.
The text of the text was revised, as a result of the draft text of the Ad Hoc Working Group of the Ad Hoc Working Group of the Ad Hoc Working Group on the draft convention, following a second reading of the draft text, after the fourth reading of the draft text.
Developing countries have been disturbed by the lack of progress on important commercial and differential issues.
In 2002, Japan signed a first free trade agreement with Singapore, which is currently being negotiated in some other similar arrangements.
It is very rapid in the face of Christians.
The 1995 crime data in the Supreme Court showed that two women in the 16 accused were convicted, while one of the six accused were convicted, while one of the 67 accused were convicted in private radio.
The General Assembly,
10th meeting The Chairman of the Committee made a statement.
The right to be incorporated into the Isle of Man, including article 14 of the Covenant, is not subject to the right of the right to freedom of discrimination, including gender, in accordance with the rights and freedoms set forth in the Convention.
Article 11 Employment
In support of international cooperation, the efforts of education are essential.
Outputs
(iii) Booklets, briefings, wallcharts, information kits: the preparation and dissemination of issues related to specific trade issues related to Member States in the current and future negotiations (8); the preparation of the current edition of the current study on the issue of specific trade issues (art. 12); and the publication of the website of the “United Nations Children's Fund” (United Nations Children's Fund);
The mandate of the International Security Assistance Force and the previous reports of the mission are still still unchanged.
Staff members appointed under the Rules shall normally be entitled to receive safe transportation costs.
arbitrator-specific
The Working Group also noted that certain unilateral acts did not have an obligation to do so, but only to the extent that the obligation or recognition were confirmed, the final decision of the Working Group should be supported by a broad definition.
With regard to political developments, we note the recent signing of a agreement on the political process of the Commission and the Interim authorities of the coalition.
See, for example, the statements made by the Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Finance of the Russian Federation and the Minister of Finance of the Russian Federation, at Washington, D.C., on 12 April 2003 (http://www.imf.org/external/clo/2003/ff/stat/en/r.htm).
The Meeting also considered the Nepal Investment Policy Review.
Counselling and professional guidance for refugee students are also provided to help them choose.
In fact, it has been included in resolution 51/241.
In paragraphs 13 (b) and 35 above, the Board recommended that the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, the Office of Budget and Accounts to review the Trust Fund for the long-term implementation of the funds, with a view to ending those who are not going and no longer needed.
The case of the pre-trial phase is closely monitored to ensure that only the necessary and reasonable work is necessary for the pre-trial phase.
Transition
The view was expressed that there should be no legal law in all circumstances.
Respect for the views of the child
The representative of Ethiopia said that the Security Council, the Secretary-General and other international organizations requested the parties to engage in dialogue on demarcation.
The recommendations contained in the note included the adoption of other measures contained in the existing resolutions of the General Assembly on the rationalization of the agenda of the General Assembly, which will help improve the work and workload of the General Assembly.
History is in the history of today and any one country can be able to operate.
It could not be provided for action taken by other organizations or private industries.
With regard to Uganda, he referred to a large number of children who were committed to children in other children.
Election of six members of the Executive Board of the World Food Programme
At its organizational session in 2003, the Economic and Social Council will elect six members of the Executive Board, beginning on 1 January 2004, to fill a three-year term to fill vacancies in the positions of the following members of the following members: Denmark, India, Italy, Pakistan, Russian Federation and Sierra Leone.
In principle, it should not be argued that the WTO has agreed to follow the decisions of the United Nations.
Other meetings
• The new staff shall be sworn in office and to disseminate relevant laws and guidelines;
• In a number of actions, including administrative data, a decrease of 40 per cent over the past seven years.
Bearing in mind that the purposes of the United Nations include the development of a mutually friendly relationship with respect to the rights of peoples and the principle of self-determination, and to take other appropriate measures to enhance universal peace and to promote international cooperation to address international issues of international cooperation in the economic, social, cultural or humanitarian character of the United Nations and to promote international cooperation to promote respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms in all humankind,
The State party's report to the Committee at its session may provide additional information before the Committee's consideration of the report, but that such information must be transmitted to the Secretary-General following the following four months before the opening of the Conference of the Parties to the Convention.
They have encountered a group of man-speaking people.
The registry system should have the necessary system and procedures to exclude any issue to minimize the suspension or suspension of the operation.
Mandate: liquidation mission
Status of paid compensation for retirees
The objective of the risk management framework is to strengthen accountability and report on monitoring activities.
Women and their delegations have introduced a series of broad issues.
2.2.4 The State party has a gender quota system applicable to both women and men and their leadership.
At any time of any particular person, there is no employee who is eligible for care.
11.10 Further information
Accordingly, specific observations and recommendations were made on the modalities of the UNCITRAL Model Law on Procurement in electronic procurement.
Agenda items 126 and 128
In the context of the present report, the Committee is also concerned at the need for adequate interpretation of the changes in budgetary performance and the proposed budget estimates.
The difficulties related to the process of democratization are not confined to a State or a particular group of countries; how it is not enough to stress that it is not enough to make the people to participate in the management of public affairs.
In the context of environmental issues, the Marshall Islands is particularly concerned about the situation of the world's oceans and fisheries.
Supports the efforts of the Secretary-General and his Personal Envoy to seek a political solution to the dispute in Western Sahara, which will provide for self-determination of the people of Western Sahara;
Authorizes the Secretary-General to pay the maximum amount of USD 38,033,200 for the provision of funding for basic facilities;
States Parties shall take all appropriate measures:
The State party and heads of State expressed their deep concern at the prevalence of trafficking in women in the prevalence of children and to ensure that efforts to address the problem through concerted efforts.
At the municipal level, UNIFEM's work has been supported by other advocates for gender equality, which led to the adoption of legislation by the municipal Parliament in Prizren City, to exclude women's women in a single woman (some of whom are a single woman).
In the preparation of UNCTAD XI, the impact of these changes must be clearly defined in areas falling within the purview of the Organization.
A/58/L.27* Reissued for technical reasons [A C E F R S]
Recalling its resolution 56/161 of 19 December 2001, and recalling its resolution 2002/47 of 23 April 2002 and the resolution 2003/30 of 22 July 2003 on the United Nations Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Standards and Guidelines,
1.1 The author is the case of racial discrimination and counselling centres, as the President of the Board of Trustees of the Centre, Mr. Fakhra Mohammad, the author's claim in violation of article 2, paragraph 1, of the Convention (d), articles 4, 5 and 6 of the Covenant.
Agenda item 113: Programme planning
Romania is using space communications, Earth observation data and GNSS systems in the area of application, including the risk assessment of earthquakes in the Bucharest region, disaster management, remote telemedicine, as well as the use of radar intervention in the exploration of the Black Sea coast.
There is a need for new impetus to the strong commitment of the international community.
Therefore, Israel calls upon the Palestinian leadership to take concerted action to disarm the armed groups of terrorist groups in their territory and to remove their legitimate status in accordance with the agreements reached by the Government of Palestine, as well as the resolutions of the Security Council and its own treaty.
In the context of inter-agency relations, the use of resources for the use of resources will continue to be used through further cooperation between the agencies and specialized agencies in Geneva, particularly in common services.
(xi) One representative from Latin American or Caribbean States;
At its fifty-seventh session, the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to undertake a study within existing resources to promote public awareness of the importance and contribution of South-South cooperation and triangular cooperation in achieving internationally agreed development goals, including those contained in the Millennium Declaration, and to make concrete recommendations to promote and promote South-South cooperation, particularly in the context of the proposed “South cooperation between the International Decade for South-South Cooperation and the United Nations South-South cooperation in South-South cooperation”, and to report to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session (resolution 57/263).
Document: Report of the Secretary-General (resolution 53/197), A/58/179.
However, the current events in the current field have brought us to a lot of paralysis and reflect the unprecedented challenge of the United Nations history.
It has a complete change of the gap in the post-based housing system and its expansion would be a complete prohibition of the fact that it is a general prohibition of the right of the seller to a party.
This delegation will convey to the attention of many information, in particular those of the Congolese parties, to urgently end military operations.
The Working Group should therefore need to be more closely evaluated in order to make recommendations to the United Nations system, particularly the Security Council, and to undertake action and action.
The Council will soon send two delegations to Central Africa and West Africa in order to observe the difficulties of the current peace process in the field and to discuss the peace and stability of the African region in the region, as well as political and military actors in the region.
See footnote 50 above.
Moreover, in the discussion of issues relating to the damage to the damage caused by the question, the Working Group's draft resolution A/CN.9/526, paragraph 264 of A/CN.9/524 and the adoption of a proposal to be accepted in the square brackets, would be inserted in square brackets.
It was felt that, in the light of the comments made by the Committee, it would be suggested that paragraph 11.2 (a) (iv) (see para.
Article 28
Note by the Secretary-General
Have any listed individuals in your country or in their transit?
I hope that the efforts of the world to overcome the world's epidemic will inspire and further make our work.
Let us advocate a just and fair world to enable every men and women to work in developing development.
Mr. Surao de la francophado (International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies) (spoke in Spanish): I am speaking today on behalf of the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies.
The Division's financial tension, he requested the Director-General to ensure adequate financial resources for the implementation of the project, to implement technical cooperation in Africa.
Funding is a key prerequisite for the implementation of integrated programmes and international service frameworks.
The confiscation of land is not a mine, which is a military zone or training.
The purchase and sale of goods requires basic commercial knowledge to deal with various types of goods and sales agreements, logistics arrangements, property transfer, packaging, customs, security, credit and other financial documents, bonds and insurance.
The text is annexed to the present bulletin.
(a) The panel of the Panel, which was appointed by the President of the Joint Appeals Board;
• Recurrent patrolling of ports and aircraft in ports and aircraft, using the use of the employee and the vehicle used.
The Al-Qaida organization may have a logistical and financial support to the grass-roots unit in Pakistan, Indonesia, Kashmir, Malaysia, Singapore and the Philippines.
Role of financial institutions in combating terrorism
The complaint
3.3 The complainant claims that all domestic remedies have been exhausted and the complaint was not submitted to any other international investigation or settlement process.
According to the complainant, it was very important that the two organizations were extremely closely linked.
The arrest warrant is based on the allegations of the original arrest and prosecution of the complainant and Mr. Ramos Vega.
Most prisons meet international standards and some exceptions, and the International Committee of the Red Cross has granted unrestricted access to prisoners and access to prison facilities, including the Agency's facilities.
Notes
The average duration of processing (e.e. the final submission of the final submission of the final submission) is 64.4 days ( fifth session of the COP: 73 days), the least-day day of the day ( fifth session of the COP), the maximum of 27 days ( fifth session).
The following reviews have been reviewed in the process of the implementation of indicators and the work of the work needed to find gaps, and the need for a broad review of the part of the Inter-Agency Group of Experts in the context of a programme of work.
Notes
Although the results of the analysis was consistent with the fact that it is not consistent with the use of carbon-off in the location of the location, the study does not provide evidence of the destruction of many carbon stocks.
Algeria* (2003), Benin* (2003), Burkina Faso (2006), Burundi (2006), Democratic Republic of the Congo (2006), Egypt (2004), Ethiopia (2004), Guinea (2004), Kenya (2003), Kenya (2006), Madagascar (2006), Sierra Leone (2006), Kenya (2006), Kenya (2006), Sierra Leone (2006), Madagascar (2006), Sierra Leone (2003)
The Advisory Committee was informed that the establishment of a total of $5,255,200 was assessed for Member States under the Mission's establishment in UNMEE on 28 February 2003.
Mr. George Gaja (Italy)
The Advisory Committee notes the Secretary-General's note that the review will be provided separately (see also para. 66 above).
The amount of staff assessment for the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 for the biennium 2004-2005 is estimated at $380,073,500 for staff assessment.
Taking note of the report of the Secretary-General on 24 February 2003 and the report of the Secretary-General on children and armed conflict on 26 November 2002 (S/2002/129),
Also, in the coming weeks, the commercial missions in the eastern part of the Mission would be visited in Kinshasa in the main towns of the eastern part of the Mission ( Kisangani, Goma and Bukavu).
Scope of legal protection under the Convention on the Safety of United Nations and Associated Personnel (resolution 57/288 of 19 November 2002).
United Nations Development Programme
At the same meeting, the Committee approved the draft resolution, which was adopted by the Economic and Social Council.
In accordance with General Assembly resolution 56/7 of 12 December 2001 and 57/17 of 19 November 2002, the Commission has organized seminars and symposiums in many developing countries to assist them in the adoption of the legislation of the UNCITRAL Committee on Trade and Development.
The author did not appeal to the Constitutional Court on 28 February 1995 in the municipal courts, because the appeal of the first appeal would be futile.
8.4 With regard to the removal of the sentence of the Criminal Court, counsel explained that the author did not have a criminal record, which should be punished by the minimum penalty.
On 14 March 1991, in accordance with the Code of Criminal Procedure and Treatment (Act 1991), the author was sentenced to the sentence as “the offence of freedom of expression and democracy” and that it was not denied that such crimes had not yet been altered.
4.7 The author considers that, even if the State party indicated, the conduct of Mr. Samy was not part of a larger-scale military operation, and the State party is responsible for the conduct of the conduct of the act, because it is not an act of military personnel.
As a result of an action committed to commit three killings and attempted murder, the penalty of the death penalty in accordance with article 48 does not necessarily constitute the most severe sentence of the death penalty, the death penalty (para. 8, para. 8 below).
At the time of the State party's decision to withdraw a residence permit, the High Court noted that the High Court's conviction that Mr. Rajan had been able to obtain a “ fraud and false and false statement” in the absence of his residence permit, as he was in the case of de facto marriage.
2.10 At the same time, the author was released in 1992 and was resumed after the decision of the High Administrative Court on 18 August 1993 and the decision declares that the decision was invalid.
The Special Committee of the Ministry of Internal Affairs has made recommendations on the basis of written documents, without an oral hearing.
5.3 On the question of reservations to the State party in article 10, paragraph 2, of the Covenant, the author argues that the reservation was not mentioned in the annex to the Convention on Human Rights and Equal Opportunities in 1986 in 1986 and that the reservation was not “invalved”.
The State party emphasizes that these cases relate to the balance between the legitimate private interests of the Sámi and the rights of the land owners to protect their property.
It is based on legislation of the State party and, as stated in the State party's legislation, a remedy under the legislation of the State party.
In the case of the Commission, the Committee stated that it cannot be able to exercise the right to self-determination.
Over the past few months, the forces of the region, as well as the Afghan National Army, were repeatedly linked to the armed groups of the Government.
During the last 25 years of the last century, Governments have increased steadily to the growth of fertility policies and programmes; about 90 per cent of countries are directly supported directly by family planning programmes and contraceptives.
In the light of the high ecological and economic impact of its cultural and social organizations, which had been caused by its cultural and social organizations in the Ráááa, the Cááááo, the Minister of the Red Cross-Káa, has expressed great pressure, and that it had been subjected to a heavy pressure and “harmal progress”.
Welcomes the draft code of law, the draft code of procedure, the draft law on civil law and the draft law on civil and civil rights and the increase in the salaries and subsidies of judges and prosecutors, and urges the Government to strengthen the training of judges and lawyers in the Ministry of Justice and the Prosecutor of the Kingdom of Cambodia and the Kingdom of Cambodia;
Special attention to the health, social and labour rehabilitation of persons with disabilities and the social integration of such persons is particularly concerned.
In accordance with article 165 of the Penal Code, the illegal use of a person's right to copyright or related rights is an offence of criminal offences, as a criminal offence, in accordance with its own work, or the right of any person to be published in the scientific, literary, artistic, artistic or other works, or the use of a person or a person who has been subjected to the use of a person or the person of a person.
The study is four to seven years.
It should be recalled that, in July 2001, the United Nations convened the Conference on the Illicit Trade in Small Arms and Light Weapons in All Its Aspects, at which it decided to implement the action programme for the prevention, fight and eradication of small arms and light weapons in all its aspects.
Article 15 of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, which is based on article 1 of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, has expressed the hope that the Government of Iceland wishes to emphasize that the definition of discrimination in the Convention has become part of Iceland's legislation, and indirect discrimination is a model of the burden of proof of the burden of proof of the burden of proof of the burden of discrimination in the Committee on Gender Discrimination, which is set out in the EC.
Subparagraph (h)
Mr. Heinberg (Germany): I would like to make a statement on the draft decision entitled “ Verification of all aspects, including the role of the United Nations in the field of verification”, contained in document A/C.5/60/L.48.
The sponsors of the draft resolution are contained in document A/C.5/60/L.21 and document A/C.1/58/INF/2.
As noted in the report of the Commission in its report, Chile has continued to grow in 2002 and that the level of expected growth in the national authorities had been reached.
In the context of the concession or indirect interests, the estimated cost of the estimate is to be included in the budget case.”
At the same time, the Confederation of Trade Unions and the Union of Trade Unions can adopt a common collective protocol with employers, and the joint trade union has become part of the Labour Code.
On the other hand, the increase in investments and the increase in salaries of health care in health care increased significantly.
A selection process is then required, so that the so-called academic capacity test has been tested, and these tests are to be used in different disciplines in order to assist the local institutions of higher education.
Article 1 of the provisional articles of Decree No. 35 of 1980.
See annex 1.
In the context of peace and security in Asia-east Asia and the international non-proliferation perspective, no activity is never tolerated in the development, acquisition or possession of the nuclear weapons in North Korea.
The Canadian Competition Authority is not entitled to provide confidential information for a foreign case.
Cooperation agreements between the African, Caribbean and Pacific States and its member States, in Cotonou, Benin, on 23 June 2000.
Article 9
On 22 April, the Interim Chairman of the African Union Commission, Mr. Al-Eboutou, met with the senior leaders of the Frente POLISARIO in Tindouf.
The idea of the proposal was to grant Morocco's behaviour in the police and telecommunications, which would threaten the principle of freedom of expression, as well as the respect of information and communications to the privacy of the person.
Algeria believes that the above measures were important to the success of the successful operation of the former Personal Envoy to the establishment of the Western Sahara Authority.
If this trend is continuing, this rate of this rate is reduced to 9 per cent in 2015.
In education, the preparation of early childhood development policies, including HIV/AIDS.
We have all children, and our children may be able to live or painful.
However, in order to achieve full implementation of the provisions of the provisions of a world fit for children, much remains to be done, and let us demonstrate the necessary political will and commitment.
Regrets the failure to submit a written report to the Conference of the Parties on the availability of information and services available to the Conference at the United Nations Office at Nairobi;
Since a period of time, the financial market has been able to disrupt the capacity of developing countries, and there is a growing number of indications showing the vulnerability of States to the financial crisis, which seems to require more collective control and direction for international financial operations.
However, it is anticipated that compliance with security provisions will increase the pace of the goods and thus to transmit the goods of international transactions.
Data data indicate that women are not able to participate in information technology-related management structures, irrespective of both developed and developing countries.
Indeed, the Council must also hear the voices of regional organizations and other groups; they have been made in the last few weeks of the Council's heads of State and Government; they include the European Union, the African Union, the League of Arab States, the League of Arab States or the Organization of the Islamic Conference; they call for a peaceful solution to the crisis, the United Nations and respect for international legitimacy.
They reject any changes in the situation in the region and to interfere with their internal affairs and reject the cause of their interests and justice.
Fifty-eighth session
The possibility of such a child's identity and review of the adoption of the adoption.
Requests the Secretary-General to invite the States Parties to the Agreement, the Convention and the Convention, as well as the entities referred to in article 1, paragraph 2 (b), of the Agreement, as well as the United Nations Development Programme, the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations and other specialized agencies, the Commission on Sustainable Development, the World Bank, the Global Environment Facility and other relevant international financial institutions, regional fisheries institutions and relevant non-governmental organizations to participate in the third round of informal consultations;
We also recognize that our coordination in Canada and Mexico with our regional neighbours must go beyond the strong international cooperation of our borders.
This information is not provided in the air and/or export data column.
Germany
Encourages the President of the Council to increase an increase in the activities of the Council and its subsidiary bodies in mainstreaming gender mainstreaming in the agenda of the Council and its subsidiary bodies;
Once the three briefings were made, I would like to invite the members of the Council to speak on the issues raised in the village of Western villages and other two speakers, as the western village has participated in the informal meeting of the Council.
(h) Currency exchange adjustments
As at 30 June 2002, unpaid assessed contributions amounted to $2 million, a decrease of $7 million.
(b) The authorities have not yet done to do so without the completion of the database of the ISO International Standards for the Standardization of Women;
The survey focused on the allegations of ill-treatment of witnesses in violation of human rights violations, the situation of the north of the north of Northern Province and the complaints of the Al-Khala of Denmand.
I therefore recommend that the Office of the Special Representative of the General Assembly provide a disciplinary adviser.
Paragraph 2 of the operative paragraph emphasizes the obligation of States to implement and successfully conclude negotiations on nuclear disarmament.
The recommendations of the national forest programme have been instrumental in strengthening economic and tax policies to promote sustainable forest management.
The Panel's decisions have been taken by the previous decisions and other groups.
The Regional Office will assess progress made towards achieving the comprehensive development goals of early childhood.
The objective of the education programme for girls is to reduce gender gaps and improve the quality of primary education in the region.
Mr. de Barros (Secretary of the Committee) said that the revised comments submitted by El Salvador should be contained in document A/CN.9/INF.1.
The experience gained to date has been a common point of convergence to the success of a large number of low-income housing housing for the benefit of the local community, but also the need to accept a formal financial component to achieve sustainability, flexibility and size, but also to the extent that the provision of housing finance is a part of the Government's full and informal financing system, which should be limited to the provision of the provision of a formal financial system, which should be limited to the provision of a formal and informal financing system, which should be limited to the provision of a formal and informal financing system, which should be limited to the provision of the right to housing and the full cost of the land.
The Assistant Secretary-General is responsible for assisting the Office in carrying out its responsibilities to coordinate interdepartmental activities and monitor and follow-up activities.
(iv) Providing technical and operational support to the six-year computer-net network of the United Nations Headquarters network;
In the second instalment part of the second instalment, the Panel sets out a methodology for the two categories of claims: D2 (personal injury) and D-5 per cent, stock and other securities losses.
For example, the scourge of international terrorism has been spreading to all locations.
We expect our leadership in addressing poverty, inequality, human rights violations, terrorism, pollution or weapons of mass destruction.
The ninth session was held in New York from 30 May to 2 June 1995, at which the General Assembly considered the report of the Meeting.
First, there is a need to reverse the trend of increased voluntary contributions and reduce mandatory contributions.
In the face of the risk of violence against the world, let us work in establishing international law.
On 7 March 1968, he was one of the sponsors of the “Znak” Parliament Bill, a anti-Semitism campaign launched by the students and the authorities of the Communist Party.
To that end, the Member States of the Organization of South-South Cooperation are committed to:
* E/C.19/2003/1.
Opening and duration of the session
The impact of counter-terrorism measures on the enjoyment of human rights
It is suggested that the feasibility of the concept of “One African space” is to be applied in the light of the fact that the twin route is implemented in Europe and in Europe.
He reported that, contrary to paragraph 27 of the Parking Programme, the President of the Russian delegation designated the parking of other vehicles, including the New York Police Service, the military and other types of vehicles.
However, the developing countries pointed out many professions that have already been provided at the international level and have made specific interest in the liberalization of market access in the GATS.
Convinced that the resources of disarmament, including regional disarmament, are available to economic and social development and the protection of the environment, as well as the people of the world, in particular the people of developing countries,
In his concluding remarks on the informal question, Mr. Yakak responded to the statement of the Special Rapporteur's statement: “In addition, all Member States that responded to the question of the Working Group's progress were not satisfactory”.
However, the Convention No. 107 is no longer open.
28.28 The objective of the subprogramme is to increase the understanding of the phenomenon of population and the relationship between the development and development of the population.
Subprogramme 3
The current work of the Women's Council is to mainstream gender as a key area of human activity, and thus to report the difficulties faced by the grass-roots women.
A/58/184.
The election of the Afghan electoral institutions is certainly a matter of urgency, as well as the same urgency.”
However, the employment of persons with disabilities remains largely the protection of sexual employment, although there is a growing concern that employment in employment or support in the work of the work of the working environment is to deepen social exclusion and discrimination.
The lack of access facilities and facilities in the workplace provides a major factor in the employment of persons with disabilities in the open labour market.
I have instructed my delegation's appreciation to the Governments of Bangui, Ambassador Sissé, to continue to pursue the programme of the unfortunate crisis in the context of the peaceful settlement of this tragic crisis.
Therefore, the right to recovers is important in order to enable suppliers to have some rights in the goods that have been made through non-citizens, but that such recovery should be shorter to 30-4 days, in order to avoid general loans.
The mission interviewed several arms dealers in Mogadishu, and the transaction of these arms dealers is generally high, but not more than a number of external staff.
The experts had been registered in some series of weapons sold in Mogadishu, and began to use the use of specialized industrial databases.
In 1999 and 2000, Indonesia's Petera Buba and the Secretary-General of the Central Bank of Somalia, Colonel Ahmed Mohamed Mohamed Al-Maja, of the Central Bank of Somalia, signed three contracts, with a total of 3280 million in the case of a total of 3280 million in the area of a total of 1,000 Somalis.
In this paragraph, the General Assembly reaffirmed that the United Nations agencies should be planned to meet their respective permanent headquarters.
At its 46th meeting, on 23 July, the Council adopted draft decision 32 recommended by a recorded vote of 43 to 3, with 8 abstentions, as follows:
(d) Narcotic drugs;
In the last quarter of the last quarter of the Barcelona Convention, every two weeks have been tested to test the surface of the podium and discharge of the surface of the podium.
The curriculum of the diploma is based on care, fire lines, sanitation, dental and medical care.
In addition to economic development issues, African countries have emphasized governance in the New Partnership for Africa's Development.
The United Arab Emirates has no special law on criminal assistance?
The expected accomplishment (c) should read: “(c) the integration of interrelated issues in food security, population, environment and human settlements into sustainable development policies.
Croatia was encouraged by the increasing increase in high-quality candidates from the world's various regions, and it is seriously considered that a judge of a judge would be submitted to the International Criminal Court.
On the other hand, low-income countries have also been involved in the process of establishing a process for the establishment of draft resolution A/C.6/57/L.16 on the establishment of a draft resolution on the establishment of the International Criminal Court in the context of a dialogue with interested delegations and the President of the State party.
Takes note of the report of the Secretary-General;
When a country's most basic social infrastructure or the opportunities for income employment have been destroyed, there is a vacuum in the light of the devastating drought of the decade and the southern region.
Stressing the need to pursue wider cooperation and better coordination in efforts to combat the illicit proliferation of small arms and light weapons in the fight against illicit proliferation of small arms, through the common understanding of the joint understanding of small arms, held in Oslo on 13 and 14 July 1998, and the Brussels Action Initiative held in Brussels on 12 and 13 October 1998,
At the same time, the services of the Sixth Committee will be transferred to the Department of Governors, which is divided into the same sector, which will enhance the services of the Main Committees of the General Assembly.
Based on the methodology referred to in paragraphs 2 to 215 of the First “E4” report, the claim for the loss of receivables in the twenty-first instalment claims is verified and evaluated in the event of uncollission.
The amount claimed in the claim is to be reviewed in accordance with paragraphs 2 to 223 of the First “E4” report and the methodology referred to in paragraphs 93 to 96 of the second “E4” report.
The United Nations Convention on the Safety of Life in the International Maritime Sea and the International Ship and Port Facilities Safety Rules will enter into force on 1 July 2004 and will apply to:
Implementation of the Programme of Action for the Third Decade to Combat Racism and Racial Discrimination
In the area of marine and coastal areas, the High-level Committee identified three core functions: (a) regular training activities at the expert level, as well as regular coordination of ongoing operational operations and other activities and common project management; (b) specific requirements for the management of each issue; and (b) a targeted arrangement on the implementation of the overall coverage and strategy of the general range of issues, as well as the implementation of a system-wide response to the overall coverage of the overall coverage and strategy/programme.
Recalling also Security Council resolution 1359 (2001) of 29 June 2001, and resolution 1429 (2002) of 30 July 2002, in which the Council stressed the need to reach a political solution to the dispute,
The country has developed programmes to combat HIV/AIDS and sexually transmitted diseases.
Primary school enrolment
The African Group calls on the international community to intensify its efforts to identify, identify and address the links between the illicit trade in small arms and light weapons and the illicit exploitation of natural resources and other resources, particularly those in Africa.
However, this incident has also contributed to the high sensitivity of the Golan in the Golan.
Following the visit of the Special Envoy to Myanmar on 21 November, the Government of Myanmar announced that 115 political prisoners will be released.
In addition, Italy's commitment to the amount of €18 million was made for emergency activities, privatization, industrial restructuring, financial sector reform, foreign investment and training management.
This work has been followed by a review of the JIU statute and its internal working methods, and it would therefore be possible to provide a major aspect of the work of the preparation of its annual programme of work.
However, the number of ratifications of the Convention remains limited and progress has been slow.
The complaint is submitted to the European Court of Human Rights, which may be submitted to the Human Rights Committee, the Committee against Torture, the Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination or the Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women.
UNHCR and IOM continue to contribute to the repatriation of refugees in Timor-Leste in West Timor, in particular in the promotion of reconciliation activities between West Timor refugees and communities from Timor-Leste and to launch a large-scale public awareness campaign against refugees, and to liaise with the Cambodian authorities in the near-house-based local staff.
As indicated in paragraph 20 of the report, the Logistics Base will be expected to start 100 training courses during the budget period and train 1,400 personnel; currently, for training support to staff members.
This practice, although not to be done by Member States, is sometimes among them.
As a result, the United Nations Development Fund has established a system of archiving for the translation of the language system, known as LEO, as a joint joint meeting of the Inter-Agency Working Group on Computer Support and Witnesses in Vienna (JAMCAT) at the 2003 session of the United Nations Headquarters (JAMCAT), which was presented at the 2003th session of the United Nations Headquarters (JAMCAT).
Delete the last sentence.
Add expected accomplishment (e): (e) to strengthen the efforts of the eradication of racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance and to increase indicators of achievement (e) (e) (e) of the activities of the mandate, as well as the increase in activities undertaken by the mandate.
Participation of observers.
The Committee may meet at other locations in other locations by the Committee and/or the Assembly of States Parties.
Election and duration of the President and Vice-Presidents
In the context of UNDP's assistance to Afghanistan, the Ministry of Rural Recovery and Development made the Board's statement to the Executive Board on a informal statement and attracted a large audience.
In conclusion, my delegation remains convinced that only the United Nations will be able to make a long-term contribution to peace and security in the world.
Issues relating to specific issues
The killing of innocent lives — whether the Palestinians and Israel's lives — must be condemned equally.
4.4 The number of women in political and public positions is rare from previous reports.
Table 14.3 Water supply sources, health facilities and the number of places in 1999
Subprogramme 1: Promotion of economic and social policy policies
Oman seized a large number of towns, which reported a total of 8.8 tons in total.
In the face of all these challenges, the international community cannot ignore the use of existing resources for the peaceful uses of nuclear energy.
China is currently considering the possibility of participating in the United Nations Mission in Liberia.
(d) The amendment to rule 107.10 (b) of subsistence allowance to provide a formal provision for the long-term application of the organization, except for the appointment of the staff members of the staff, foreign or repatriation travel of the staff, as well as the travel allowance of the staff.
Rule 109.9
The list of information provided by States and national and international organizations (Interpol, the International Law Enforcement Network and the National Counter-Terrorism Treaty) has been conducted to update and monitor the database of the Money Laundering Secretariat.
The first phase of the survey includes updated maps to determine the location and registration of every housing housing in Afghanistan and the number of the initial population.
Since the publication of the recommendations, the United States Congress has held two hearings on the issue of the United States Congress and strongly supported the United States to the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea.
The concept of protected marine protected areas has also been increasingly understood and supported.
The scientific and technological provision of data and evidence provide the international community to optimize its resources and to implement the necessary measures.
The Bahamas will continue to take the necessary steps to ensure compliance with international standards in our transit vessels.
Many landlocked developing countries are not able to benefit from the scale of production and consumption of consumption, as well as the causes of the population of those countries, or because of their geographical size (e.g. Bhutan, Lesotho), or due to their population density (such as Mongolia, Niger).
The use of the Internet in the Internet has not been used by the Internet, since the study is not sufficient to estimate the total number of such features in the study; in fact, research is to be used in the main characteristics of the country.
Network multimedia multimedia
Liaison meetings with Eritrea.
The Commission on Human Rights should continue its work in 1999 to reconsider and strengthen its working methods.
In cooperation with the Business Services Service and the United Kingdom (United Kingdom) in promoting the Ministry of Women's Entrepreneurship in Support of Women, the main focus of the Government's strategy for women's enterprises, the primary focus on the creation and development of commercial support for women.
5 See Rosfeld, “Sress of the freedom of trafficking and the emergence of a vacuum of banditry and coercion”, Science, vol.
The liberalization of the transfer of technology mechanisms must be achieved, and the Monterrey Consensus must be implemented, which is indispensable for achieving the goals and the implementation of the Doha agenda.
• Reduction of indirect costs for the use of software software
• Operational of field offices: 1022,500
• Safety supplies: 471 euros
In accordance with the principles of the Rome Statute, the selection of staff should not be based on race, sex or religion.
Trust Fund
It was also asked that specific figures in the financial and financial reports were made and made a statement, and the Deputy Executive Director noted that the question was more specific and would be directly sent to the delegation.
In its resolution 57/282, paragraph 4, of the General Assembly (para.
The Panel of Experts on the ad hoc expert group further believes that a number of rights should be chosen to reduce poverty in a particular mandate, with a view to achieving the universal, indivisible and interdependent principles of human rights.
The occupation regime of the Democratic Republic of the Congo has been a neighbouring country, and in violation of the fundamental guidelines of international law and the protection of terrorists and the protection of terrorists, as well as the well-known.
In this regard, noting that the Tribunal's intention to end the conclusion of the Nazi case at the end of February 2004 in the light of the end of December 2003 at the end of December 2003 and the media and the media of the Kamahah and the media;
In accordance with article 146 (1) (a) of the new Penal Offences Act, the Court may, in accordance with the request of the court or the court of the Court of Justice, may apply to the law of the law, in accordance with a written statement, in accordance with a written statement, and that the detention of persons suspected of criminal offences shall be arrested in a written manner, and that the offender shall be arrested in the case of the criminal order or a fine or more fine of the offence of domestic violence.”
The purpose of this law is to reduce discrimination against homosexualbians, which is legally regulated by the law and obligations established by partner partners, as well as recognition of the existence of homosexual relations as a social reality of the right to property.
It was also pointed out that the phrase “in the definition” might lead to the interruption of the link between a mixed contract.
Dead-up
Its negative impact also affects every aspect of socio-economic development and consumption the development of national and international resources for development.
As a result, only more than 140 software applications are not required to be operational and maintenance of a regional network, and partner organizations will receive the same benefits.
An overview of the landmine survivors, including those of the population statistics and the number of landmine survivors and the number of landmine survivors.
The Working Group noted the views, problems and reservations made by delegations to the proposed development compact, indicating the need to further clarify some aspects of the proposal, including the fact that the independent expert had presented the concept of the right to development, as well as the nature of the obligations and responsibilities of the State at the national and international levels, as well as the nature of its obligations and responsibilities, as well as the nature of the terms of reference of the country, as well as the importance of the implementation of the framework for the implementation of the system, as well as the importance of the implementation of the terms of reference to the development of the rights of women, indigenous peoples and minorities, as well as the role of the independent expert in the development of the right to development; and the importance of the implementation of the terms of reference to the system, as well as the role of the United Nations system, as well as the need for the implementation of the framework of the system, as well as the importance of the implementation of the terms of reference to the development of the system, as well as the importance of the implementation of the existing mechanisms and instruments.
Thus, the policy of Israel's policy on Palestine has been prohibited by the Convention on the Prohibition and Punishment of the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women in 1976.
“11. Stresses the urgent need for the United Nations to achieve the goals and targets of the United Nations Millennium Declaration contained in the United Nations Millennium Declaration, with particular emphasis on the development of the right to development and to mainstream this urgent problem in the development of development activities;
Although KNPC did not agree with the additional additional costs and extension requirements, it agreed to extend the 90-day period of 90 days for the extension of the contract, which had been agreed in writing in the letter of 4 January 1990, to avoid the decision of NOC to become a final and binding decision.
The Cebebbe seeks compensation in the amount of USD 11,234 in the amount of USD 11,234 in the amount of six employees in Saudi Arabia and Jubub, in January and February 1991.
In this regard, welcoming the adoption of the Declaration of the States Parties to the Convention on the Status of Refugees and/or its 1967 Protocol of States Parties to the Convention on the Status of Refugees, held in Geneva on 12 and 13 December 2001, which expressed their collective resolve to the full implementation of the Convention and the Protocol,
However, in the event of the signing of the agreement between 48 hours, the inter-party fighting had resulted in the termination of the agreement.
With regard to tolerance and respect for education, the mandate of the general education sector should not be considered as a collective responsibility for society.
The President was elected by the Federal Parliament, for five years; the Federal Parliament is composed of the members of the federal parliament and the elected members of the Senate.
Restrictions on the disposal of disposal of the West Bank.
Canada recommended that the word “and implementation” should be inserted after paragraph 5 (c).
While reduced supply is essential, demand reduction has also been equally important, and the long-term efforts of States need to be achieved through a decisive and serious international cooperation, with a gradual change of attitudes and behavioural patterns.
During the period from 1987 to 1989 the actions carried out by Kurdistan include massive summary executions, disappearances, arbitrary detention, ethnic cleansing, and destruction of approximately 2,000 villages.
Special attention should also be given to the rights of indigenous peoples and similar communities, possession, development, control, protection and use of land, other natural resources and cultural and knowledge property.
(d) The transparency of transnational corporations and other enterprises in order to enhance transparency in their activities and regularly provide reliable information on their activities, structure, financial situation and performance.
African Development Bank, the African Union, the Secretariat of the Caribbean Community, the Commonwealth Secretariat, the Arab Economic Council of the Arab Council, the Council of Europe, the European Union Council, the Customs Cooperation Council, the European Commission, the European Commission for the Culture of Cultural Cooperation and Technical Cooperation, the League of Arab States, the European Union and the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe
The Chairperson of the Subcommittee introduced the work of the organization, detailing many documents and declarations received by the Subcommittee, including the documents and statements made by non-governmental organizations.
Mr. Dimil Milovov, Deputy Permanent Representative
When we revert to this issue at the resumed emergency special session, Israel has deliberately failed to comply with the requirements of General Assembly resolution ES-10/13.
Andorra, Austria, Belgium, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Brazil, Croatia, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, France, Greece, Greece, Italy, Italy, Sweden, Sweden, Sweden, Sweden, Italy, Italy, Italy, Sweden, Sweden, Sweden, Sweden, Sweden, Sweden, Sweden, Sweden, Sweden, Sweden, Sweden, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Turkey, Ukraine, Ukraine, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland: draft resolution
In view of the need for precise figures to determine the impact of the recommendations and assessments of the budget, the Committee should clarify the situation of the salaries of the State in the State of the State, and specify the need for the payment of the salary adjustment.
Table 1
Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1373 (2001) concerning counter-terrorism
OIOS should also seek to calculate the cost of a set-out of selected cases from the closure of the Tribunal's closure, which would be determined by the fact that resources in the case of a specific phase of the case are likely to be accelerated, and that the time of expediting the number of resources required for the filing of the complaint is to reduce the costs and other resources required for the filing of the complaint process.
The international community must face a responsibility for the restoration of solidarity and the purposes and principles of the Charter of the United Nations, as well as the purposes and principles of the international community, and to mobilize all financial and economic resources to fully revitalize the United Nations.
The network comprises non-governmental organizations in Europe, North America, South America and Africa.
In some cases, the claim for corrections to black intervention may be necessary to identify the use of security measures to determine the record of the record and the conduct of a person.
A secured creditor may be allowed to suspend the application of the stay or may allow the insolvency representative to lift the suspension of the security by the court.
Role of the debtor's business and the role of the debtor
Such an mechanism shall be entitled to vote on the right to vote; a vote may be taken at the meeting of the Conference and may be voted upon at the meeting of the Conference and may be voted on by mail, including electronic means and the use of agents, as well as the right of creditors to vote in accordance with their respective rights.
Claims filed by other parties
(a) Status and commencement criteria;
Côte d'Ivoire
In 1999, the Organization updated this system by the Group of 77 and replaced the network.
The total amount includes an amount of $6,766,400 to cover the nine permanent judges, two appeals and allowances of judges and four ad litem judges elected by the General Assembly in resolution 1431 (2002) and the nine permanent trial judges, two appeals judges and four ad litem judges.
The strategic plan provides an assessment of each country's committees and to provide a forward-looking plan of action, based on income generation, leadership, advocacy, financial contributions.
This is a strategic strategy to identify the implementation of the resolution.
With regard to the United Nations information centres, it was noted that, at the time of the establishment of regional networks centres, it was important to measure the closure of the existing information centres and the benefits of enhancing activities.
For further information, please contact Ms. Tila Showahah, NGO Section of the Department of Public Information (tel.
In our view, it will be possible to prevent the prevention and control of the illicit trafficking in nuclear materials, the safety of nuclear materials, the improvement of the use of the control and control of nuclear materials, and to enhance other measures to enhance the effectiveness of the IAEA control system, which will enable us to prevent the risk of hazardous materials.
I have the honour to refer to your letter dated 12 August 2003 in which it transmitted the third report of the State of Kuwait, which contains a response to the responses raised by my country to the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1373 (2001).
3.6.4.4.4 The reproductive and biological nature of genetically modified organisms are used through genetic material, which is intended to change a micro-organisms and biological nature in a non-natural manner.
The types of sexually transmitted diseases should be divided into the United Nations Office at Vienna, but also, in the form of the definition of the definition of the type of data, which is based on the following:
2.8.1 The design and manufacture of containers and other equipment and structure devices must be designed and manufactured in order to ensure that pressure and transport of hazardous and normal treatment and transport are not under way.
In biota
The Fifth Committee will hold its 27th meeting, on Thursday, 11 December 2003, at 10 a.m. in Conference Room 3, and to convene informal consultations (closed) after the adjournment of the meeting.
However, real trends in the world economy are not relevant.
The African leaders actively engage in the development process of the continent and to fully understand the areas of the region, in order to provide urgent attention to the needs of the New Partnership for Africa's Development (NEPAD).
From 15 to 16 December this year, the Second Ministerial Conference of the Central African Cooperation Forum will be held in Addis Ababa in Addis Ababa.
Bearing in mind the latest report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the International Decade for the Eradication of Colonialism (A/57/395),
Any individual or legal entity, unless the Icelandic identity card has been issued, shall not be allowed for the establishment of the Icelandic bank bank, savings accounts or the use of savings.
In addition, delegates also commended the strategy for the “child return” strategy to accelerate the efforts of the key national countries to promote the education of girls, promote the procurement and security of vaccines, to cope with emergencies and to focus on the work of the family.
C. Country programmes
The Government and UNDP identified three main areas of cooperation in the period 2004-2005, (a) support national development processes; (b) building governance capacity to promote local recovery and development; (c) national security; (d) information management.
These Russia's objectives are only one of the objectives of ending the cycle of violence and opening the prospects for peace in the Middle East.
In addition, we would like to call on President Arafat to ensure that the Palestinian security organization has strengthened and to report to the Minister of Interior.
At the same time, the judicial organs of Latvia have held a simulation trial in the fight against the war and the military forces and national treason.
The close partnership between the scientific and technological community and other members of civil society, the private sector and Governments to further strengthen science and technology in sustainable forest management and ensuring that policies related to policy are extremely important.
(c) Letter dated 6 October 2003 from the President of the General Assembly to the Permanent Representative of all Member States to the United Nations addressed to the President of the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session and the format and structure of informal interactive dialogue.
Other groups data provide information on the sources of data from the three groups.
Education
The survey also shows that 5.5 per cent of pregnant women aged between 15 and 49 years of age are chronically malnourished.
Follow-up to the outcome of the Millennium Summit
The company stated that, if the work of the development process was delayed, it could be applied in August 1990 and the Government will approve the development projects at the end of the year.
The construction of settlements in the occupied territories and the movement of the construction wall in the Territory continued to be a serious impediment to the realization of the settlement.
Letter dated 19 February 1983 from the Permanent Representative of the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya to the United Nations addressed to the President of the Security Council (S/15565).
My delegation is very clear that the United Nations and the international community have made considerable input to the peace of Sierra Leone.
The early accession to the World Trade Organization (WTO) is a top priority for Kazakhstan.
In addition, as a country in South Asia seeks to engage in political, military and economic hegemony in the entire continent, tensions resulting from increased tension and a threat to peace and development in other regions.
The Task Force will seek to develop technical cooperation products for the development of the Division's analysis of the Division's analysis.
This is a cooperative project which deals with the Ministry of Health, the Ministry of Education, the Turkish Academy of Sciences, national planning institutions, national statistical institutions and women's affairs and women's issues.
The establishment of additional criminal jurisdiction has been established in this regard.
The unpredictable situation may be delayed.
In the context of the United Nations Year of Cultural Heritage, significant efforts have been made to raise public awareness, promote participation and the support of the cultural heritage.
This would enable the customs and police authorities, as well as the arts and other relevant parties to verify their suspicion from Iraq's invasion and other relevant aspects of the loss of lost items in the database.
The Maldives monitors commercial banks and other financial institutions and provided them to report to the authorities on any extraordinary financial transactions.
Afghanistan, Algeria, Andorra, Angola, Antigua and Barbuda, Argentina, Armenia, Australia, Austria, the Bahamas, Bahrain, Bahrain, Malaysia, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the Republic of Korea, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the Republic of Korea, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the Republic of Korea, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the Republic of Korea,
Abstaining:
In paragraph 10 of the report, the Advisory Committee noted that the projections of income for income would seem to be optimistic in document E/CN.7/2003/14.
Enclosure
Cuba has never exported anti-personnel mines, and Cuba stands ready to play an active role in the search for a comprehensive prohibition of all types of mines.
Delegations expressed appreciation for the report of the Legal Counsel and commented on some of the points raised in that regard.
In conclusion, UNIDO has consistently been able to promote the role of the people in some sectors of the industry, and the long-term benefit of the industrial sector has benefited from the enormous interests of biotechnology, such as textiles, leather, food, wood, paper and paper, chemical, metals and minerals and energy.
Recognizes the need to link disaster risk management in the regional framework such as the New Partnership for Africa's Development, to address poverty eradication and sustainable development;
(c) The SBSTA noted that the second comprehensive report provided a contribution to the efforts of Governments to improve the momentum for the global climate system, but in the light of priority actions to bridge deficiencies and related costs in the field-based network.
In the context of the effective use of the satellite, the satellite-to-day satellite is over 60 million surface images of the Earth's surface images, which are collected by Brazil and China.
The Committee recommends that the establishment of a model should be critical to the work of the contractor in this regard, and the Committee recommends that the next day of the next session would be met at a time of time and to discuss the proposed model for the contractor.
Women
ICCD/COP.6 Consideration of the outcome of the World Summit on Sustainable Development related to the United Nations Convention to Combat Desertification
Also welcomes the joint programme of work of the Convention on Biological Diversity (Convention on Biological Diversity) and the joint work programme for drought and semi-arid biodiversity in the UNCCD, and invites the Parties to take the necessary measures to ensure effective implementation of the programmes, especially at the local level;
Today's truth is the form of “Question of Palestine”.
Here, I would like to express my delegation's appreciation to the Secretary-General, Secretary-General Kofi Annan, contained in document A/58/46, which provides useful information.
Although the history has shown a significant indication of the number of major population flows in the Middle East, the Jewish people of the Arab State have not been forgotten in the light of the fact that the Palestinian people of the Arab-Israeli conflict have been subjected to the fact that the Israeli Arabs of the Arab-Israeli conflict are not in vain.
The Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons (NPT) provides a key role in ensuring international security.
In the event of the disaster, in the context of the disaster in E.E. (Erikka), a revision of the revised regulations for the accelerated phase of a ship-to-day ship in April 2001 was set out in annex I to the annex I to the Convention on the Prevention of Pollution to the Convention, which was adopted on 1 September 2002.
In its resolution 57/141, the General Assembly expressed deep concern at the extremely serious environmental, social and economic damage caused by the oil accident resulting from recent incidents of marine accidents, which affected several countries, and calls upon States and relevant international organizations to take all necessary and appropriate measures to prevent the scourge of this scourge.
The Protocol also provides for the compensation limit for passenger claims, which is based on unforeseen accidents related to shipping, with a strict compensation system to replace the liability of the fault, which is not less than 250 million.
Ra'a Karam
First, it is useful to recall that the recommendations contained in the provisional report of the Sub-Commission on the fifty-third session of the Sub-Commission would be useful, and it is important to consider the convening of an expert seminar in order to better prepare the final report, including military experts, focusing on the trends in judicial decisions, including military experts, and in particular progress.
Since the efforts of the Secretariat and Member States and contributions to donor contributions, the implementation of the budget budget for the year 2003 in 2003.
The view was expressed that the payment of repatriation grants to the United Nations staff had been outdated since 50 years, and needed to be reviewed.
The representative of the Office of Internal Oversight Services introduced the report.
Finally, on Norway's development cooperation policy, he requested that all development partners in Norway have signed the Convention.
Third Group
Welcomes the continued cooperation between the administering Power and the Territory, in accordance with General Assembly resolution 55/147 of 8 December 2000, to formulate a programme of work for Tokelau;
Many delegations had endorsed the recommendations of the International Forum on the Strengthening of the World Political Forum.
Nepal welcomes the inclusion of the work of the Organization on the work of the Organization and the report on the implementation of the Millennium Declaration.
The support of the international community in the work of these bodies is essential.
Thus, the concept and content of security is gradually evolving.
This aspect of some needs is to be carefully addressed.
The crime of terrorism is currently submitted to the Parliament of the Netherlands.
It includes the advocacy and media activities called for by the regional and local levels, as well as the activities of the media community, to show a series of symposiums and debates on the community of Roma communities, and held a series of symposiums and debates during the anti-Semitism, and a series of seminars and debates in the Czech Congress.
The following candidates have received the highest number of votes and the two-thirds support of the two-thirds majority of States parties to the present list: C.C. (Ireland) (Ireland) (Ireland); (vi); Fatatata da la (Republic of Korea) (Republic of Korea);
The reduced requirements are attributable mainly to reducing the use of medical equipment in the area of medical care in UNIFIL.
Financial embargo imposed by the Taliban
In particular, UNCTAD's activities and programmes that could be introduced and implemented in technical cooperation could be introduced and implemented in technical cooperation:
On the issue of the peaceful settlement of disputes, his delegation expressed appreciation to the United Nations and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland to submit a draft resolution on the prevention and settlement of disputes, while noting the need for the parties to be transferred to the proceedings of the parties prior to the transfer of dispute disputes.
(a) To develop procedures for the protection of habeas corpus for such persons, such as the necessary and feasible transfer of transfers, and, where appropriate, to permit disclosure or limitation of information on their identity and whereabouts;
The Group of Experts may meet in the first half of 2003 and in 2004 to discuss these themes.
In the context of the background, the Committee may wish to consider the following issues as a result of the recent international investment agreements and its development dimensions, as follows:
The Palestinian Authority is responsible for the security of security, first in the area of the withdrawal of the Israeli Defense Forces, and then in all parts of its control.
Thus, an international law, which is not prohibited by an international law, may be subject to international responsibility if such activities have occurred in breach of the obligation under international law, such as the failure of an international organization to comply with the obligation to take preventive measures against any prohibited activity, which will assume international responsibility.
Participants recognized that the action taken in many areas would be expected to be mutually complementary.
Action taken by the Commission
The promotion of girls' education is a useful way for girls to return to school.
During this period, the members of the organization have increased from Australia, Canada, Kazakhstan, the Netherlands and Tajikistan.
At the 90th session of the ILO, in June 2002, the Institute commended the ILO to develop a gender-based audit to identify the gap between women's women's basic rights.
Urges States to develop programmes for local, regional and international programmes to make the public public public and the negative impact of trafficking in persons, and to inform potential victims on the risk of recruitment and trafficking of persons and sexual exploitation;
Recognizing the valuable contribution of the Internet to the dissemination of information and education in contemporary societies,
In addition, there is a absurd request: English must be heard during the search period.
The Committee's special attention is to coordinate its activities with other international organizations of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), the International Labour Organization (ILO), the World Health Organization (WHO), the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP), the Universal Postal Union (UNEP), the Universal Postal Union (WHO) and the Economic Cooperation and Development Organization (OECD), which will complement the activities of these organizations, rather than duplicating or resolve their activities and recommendations.
Fifthly, we must work tirelessly to eradicate the environment of terrorism.
Considerable efforts have been made.
The report of the secretariat of the secretariat of the Secretariat is based on the data collected by country field surveys, the response of relevant Member States to the questionnaire, public publications and the response to the draft report of the Member States.
Agencies will pay their own costs.
In this regard, the United Nations, particularly the Security Council's message, must be clear and unequivocal: the Government of Iraq must urgently disarm the international community from greater conflict.
First, Iraq must urge Iraq to comply with the Council's resolutions.
For example, HIV/AIDS vaccines, as well as the demand for the market market, are currently being carried out in a large number of research, but also in the context of the needs of the global demand or to address the vulnerability of poor countries.
Corrections will be issued after the end of the session, in a separate corrigendum for each Committee.
On 30 August 2003, the WTO Council issued a proposal to amend the Act on the Law of the Law on the Right to Development of the Agreement on the Status of Intellectual Property Rights and the Doha Declaration on Public Health, which had been introduced by the Government of Canada.
The purpose of this draft article is to protect the buyer's buyer after the delivery of the goods after the delivery of the goods, thereby allowing such buyers to obtain certain contractual rights under the bill of lading, even if they do not receive goods.
Concern was expressed regarding the conflict between draft article 12.3 and the conflict in some countries, as they provide a requirement for the transfer of rights to the assignor, rather than to the transfer of the assignor or the transferee in the last sentence.
In addition, it was considered that this structure would encourage States to choose their port-to-Prince rather than to the door of the door, thereby to be re-energized.
The Section will be assigned to 14 medical officers (4 P-3 and 10 United Nations Volunteers), 19 nurses (2 United Nations Volunteers and 17 national staff), 2 Administrative Assistant (UNV) and eight ambulance drivers (national staff), two administrative Assistant (UNV), Goma, Mosul, Mosul and Kananga.
Action: The SBSTA may wish to consider its consideration of the item and to take any action necessary to it.
It is estimated that 120,000 people in the Sudan are infected in the south and 4,800 were killed.
In practice, it is particularly quick and effective to make notice through the financial market regulatory organs.
(c) Substantive progress in the development of the Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space may be made available to the Scientific and Technical Subcommittee on the basis of a substantive progress in the formulation of technical standards.
It is in the context of enhancing cooperation between the Council of Ministers of the Interior and the United Nations relevant entities, the Council of the Council of the Council wishes to consider the possibility of implementing the above recommendations.
In a short period, the market structure and dynamics of the world's telecommunications services have experienced profound changes.
For more detailed discussion of FDI services, see document TD/B/COM.2/E.14/2.
In this regard, other actions have been taken to resettish the families of 510 families in the city of Lalandland, and at a cost of 800 million.
The National Housing Plan is intended to monitor the core family of their homes and demobilized persons as recognized in the harmonized integrated integration system.
In general, this rule is essential to protecting the integrity of the market and the system.
Recalling also the approval by the General Assembly of the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons in Latin America and the Caribbean, in 1990, 1991 and 1992 to approve the amendment of the Treaty of Tlatelolco to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons (Treaty of Tlatelolco) and open to it,
The State or Government called upon all States and other actors to refrain from the arms embargo established by the Security Council in its resolution 733 of 23 January 1992, and appreciates the establishment of the Panel of Experts in resolution 1407 of 3 May 2002.
The State party and the Government of the Sudan welcomed the signing of the Protocol Protocol on 22 July 2002 between the Government of the Sudan and the People's Liberation Movement on 22 July 2002, as a major breakthrough on the main issues, and a significant step towards the achievement of a just and lasting peace in the Sudan.
Both rich and powerful States have a distinctive role in international relations, including economic and trade relations and the application of these relationships, which are also the cost of the benefit of developing countries.
United Nations Children's Fund
- Chapter I, support the international community's fight against terrorism;
It is clear that the needs of the domestic war have significantly exceeded the level of support of the United Nations, particularly in the light of their limited financial capacity and the pressure on its zero growth budget.
The Ad Hoc Advisory Group believes that, as a post-conflict country in Guinea-Bissau faced special challenges, the country needed strong international support and a more coherent approach.
In this conflict, the Government of Côte d'Ivoire has made great sacrifices and that it is not important for the rebels to resume their negotiations and should recall that the rebels were seriously condemned by the United Nations Security Council on 31 October 2002.
The Security Council, in its consideration of the question of Iraq and its grave consequences for international peace and security, must take into account the important elements of this resolution, which is the most important part of the cessation of aggression, the withdrawal of foreign military forces, reaffirming respect for Iraq's sovereignty, political independence and territorial integrity, and all States must interfere with Iraq's internal affairs.
Fourthly, many countries have committed to support the implementation of the International Reconstruction Programme in Iraq, which we are encouraged.
This does not mean that changes in the programme will be judged as the necessary facts.
Only peaceful means of peaceful means for Iraq's sovereignty and territorial integrity, respect for the independence of the Iraqi people can be addressed in accordance with the United Nations objectives to resolve Iraq's problems in accordance with the United Nations objectives.
The Advisory Adviser is provided to the Panel of Experts (the Panel of Experts) on the basis of the application of the staff's accounting and valuation.
“(c) The actions of officials, employees or agents of the Iraqi Government or their control entities, as well as actions related to incursions or occupation during the above period;
The aim of these programmes is to replace the cost of the provision of services to persons with disabilities through cost-effective, responsive, response to the capacity and support of persons with disabilities and their families, to reduce the costs of the services of persons with disabilities and to improve the effectiveness of services.
For example, 94 per cent of displaced women and girls in Sierra Leone are victims of sexual violence.
There is also a need to further study the impact of global policies on women and the right to adequate housing.
All the Convention's partners, including the GM, the secretariat, the members of the Committee, the COP, the CRIC, the developed countries and the affected country Parties and non-governmental organizations are obliged to participate in this cause.
The previous report has been accompanied by a number of formats, mainly describing the death, detention, humanitarian crisis, property damage, the destruction of children and settlements.
In addition, it has been necessary to amend the Act of the Federal Bank of the Federal Bank of Moldova, in order to combat the activities of terrorism and prevent money-laundering in the territory of the Republic of Moldova, as amended by the Republic of Moldova on 13 January 1994 and Decree No. 1-120 of 6 May 1994 on the establishment and operation of currency currency exchange and the establishment of an currency exchange service in hotels.
Professor of the University of Buenos Aires, Buenos Aires, Buenos Aires, University of Buenos Aires, 1996.
In the light of the potential potential of the Organization, the Russian delegation expressed support for the recommendation of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions, which requested the requirements of the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia for a total of $20 million.
A team consisting of 15 inspectors left the Canal Hotel at the Canal Hotel in Baghdad at 8 a.m. and arrived at the Chadian University of El Fasher.
The information and analysis of the methodology contained in document DP/2003/CRP.14 provided further information and analysis of the methodology, which contains the lessons learned and difficulties encountered by the Agency in promoting greater results and results.
(i) To provide transparency and openness for the preparation and production of health statistics;
Also requests the High Commissioner to submit a comprehensive report on the implementation of the present resolution at its sixtieth session, which should include:
The Vice-Chairman of the Committee (Romania) introduced draft resolution A/C.5/57/L.65.
The present report is submitted to the General Assembly in its fourth report on traditional practices or practices affecting the health of women and girls.
(Thousands of United States dollars)
Main Committees
In his statement, he stressed that such subsidies had caused a large-scale agricultural agriculture, leading to thousands of indigenous and farmers lost livelihoods.
This is not a small matter, including through the implementation of national legislation and the identification of appropriate implementation instruments.
Policy research and institutional development
3-6 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room 3
(a) Challenges, new trends and patterns of global drugs;
To assist in the continued discussion of these issues, the Working Group will have before it the draft articles on draft article 17 of the UNCITRAL Model Law on International Commercial Arbitration (A/CN.9/WG.II/WP.2);
It is very simple that we can reduce the agenda of 10 projects, and the current cluster cluster is very important, and the sub-item of the draft resolution under each cluster will be adjusted under the sub-item of the draft resolution.
Response:
Resolution 1373 (2001)
In 2002, the Institute continued its new fellowship programme and increased internship courses, thereby contributing significantly to the number of fellows.
These events once again emphasize that the Government of Lebanon must control the use of force from all territory of the country.
The Advisory Committee was informed that, as at 30 September 2002, the reimbursement of troop-contributing troops and formed police costs amounted to $2,592 million, and the amount of $2,2.8 million for the period from 1 October 2002 to 28 February 2003.
These elections mark the conclusion of the fundamental reform of the country's national administration, and the national administrative structure of the country is central to the decentralization of self-governing communities, which led to the leadership of those communities by elected mayors.
She expressed his appreciation to the members of the Committee on the high-level exchange of public exchanges in 2003 to discuss the proposed programme budget for peacekeeping support, peacekeeping operations and review of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
The number and percentage of roads and the number of people are different to the categories of persons, age, gender and road use.
More research has been needed to analyse the issue and identify the effectiveness, cost-effective strategies to prevent the road-cycle vehicle in different contexts.
(c) Encourage Member States to assess the safety and situation of their respective road traffic.
The Non-Aligned Movement stresses that all States, including all the nuclear-weapon States, are extremely important to universal adherence to the CTBT, in particular to contribute to the process of nuclear disarmament.
The programme of work is based on subprogramme 1 of programme 10 of the medium-term plan for the period 2002-2005.
Dates of the sixtieth session of the Commission on Human Rights
C. Election of officers 5 - 9 13
Recalling further its resolution 2002/37 of 22 April 2002,
Syrian Arab Republic
World Food Programme
We encourage donor countries, as well as multilateral financial and development institutions, to continue their efforts to ensure the effective implementation of the Monterrey Consensus, particularly in the context of paragraphs 41 to 43 of the Consensus, with a view to providing appropriate financial and technical assistance to landlocked and transit developing countries in order to meet the needs set out in the Almaty Programme of Action adopted by the International Conference on Financing for Development, as set out in the Almaty Programme of Action.
Urges the Secretary-General, in accordance with the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly, to consider the recruitment of authority to field missions, in accordance with the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly, in order to provide accountability and the adoption of fair and transparent recruitment procedures and monitoring mechanisms to expedite the recruitment of field missions and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its resumed fifty-eighth session;
Implementation of the programme of implementation of the first Decade for the elaboration and review of environmental law for the twenty-first century
The Governing Council,
General Assembly resolution 54/449, annex.
Annex to the letter dated 31 January 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Iraq to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
Military operations, internal closures and the denial of visas and permits are severely hampered by the work of UNRWA.
The representative of the World Tourism Organization shall be entitled to participate in full consideration without the right to vote without the consideration of the budget of the World Tourism Organization or the organization of the organization of the World Tourism Organization or the general administrative or financial implications of the World Tourism Organization.
It is one of the countries of the Ottawa Convention to sign the Ottawa Convention on the Prohibition of the Use, Stockpiling, Production and Transfer of Anti-personnel Mines and on Their Destruction, which was formally ratified by the High-level Working Group in September.
The Government of Israel respects the right of peoples to self-determination but also called for the recognition of its facts and the right to self-determination.
Revision of the general principles of the report ( sixteenth session, 1997);
See John Baria, “Private Investment Investers to Supply in Kenya”, the Great Lakes African, 14-20 April, p. 66.
The operator, vessel, aircraft or other any public transport tool, as well as the captain or an aircraft, have been sentenced to the expiration of the period of imprisonment and the termination of the stay before the arrival of a ship or an aircraft, shall be punishable by a fine of imprisonment and between 20 and 2,000 litres, unless the act constitutes a punishable offence.
Illicit transport and/or transfer of firearms.
The contact of experts through Gegevev (tel.
(i) Women in economic activities
With regard to the unemployment rate for young people in 2001, almost 56 per cent of young people in all unemployed women were women, men were 44 per cent, compared with 51.3 per cent in 1993 and 45.8 per cent (statement 17).
Article 1, paragraph 1, of the Constitution stipulates that equality in the legal system is higher than other values and will be established as a principle for determining the whole system.
Family Support programme
“In the same violation, two distinct and legitimate diplomatic mediation measures have been made, and the accused may indicate that the defendant has reached a comprehensive claim for the purpose of which it can be brought to another claim.”
During the first reading of the draft text, the majority of delegations recalled the lengthy debate on the issues covered by the Organized Crime Convention.
When the remedy and the integrity of the guarantor are closely linked, such separation is not clear (e.g., the remedy of a conditional sale may be regarded as the fact that it is still the case of the goods of the goods”.
Letter dated 15 October 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Malaysia to the United Nations addressed to the President of the General Assembly
Implementation of the first United Nations Decade for the Eradication of Poverty (1997-2006)
In response to this situation, the United Nations provided additional 58 generators to the family and family.
The Prosecutor v. Lengen Tengeng MJJJ2
• Institute for Legal Studies in Criminal Law, 1946
• Human rights and criminal justice systems (in Latin American law)
Reaffirms paragraph 3 of its resolution 55/224, para.
Enclosure
The President: I thank the Assistant Secretary-General for his statement.
As the President of the Sanctions Committee has recently pointed out by Ambassador Ryan of the Committee, it is a serious reminder that the Commission had a serious warning, which will be taken to monitor and continuously monitor the violation of sanctions violations and violations.
1983
New Zealand has provided another opportunity to enable countries in the Great Lakes region to achieve their respective national and regional economic development goals.
I am my sincere appreciation to my brothers, Mr. Sharon, on his consultations in that regard.
We are convinced that the process of the work of the Conference will help to address the regional problems of many fronts and to create a road on cooperation between the countries of peace, security, democracy, socio-economic development and the Great Lakes region.
They relate to the legal and political interpretation of the past and current situations, including the new vision of the future, which has been derived from the tragic experience of the tragedy, resulting from the lack of fear from fear, and that there was no argument in that regard.
The results-based management system is also particularly important in the context of the integration of the budget-based budgeting system.
Third meeting
3.6.3.3.3 In the light of the fine of the steel, it is hard to move hand with a fine.
2.5.5.5 Examples of results
(d) Determination of pressure and early emission rates under the age of 20°C of 20°C (which is used to exclude or not completely complete, or to be stored in a vacuum);
Therefore, I am very pleased to call on every speaker — which will be in Jordan, which is the case of Australia, which is a matter that I will be doing so, and not only in the form of the Council.
The Committee will now begin its action on draft resolution A/C.5/60/L.377.
I have the honour to transmit herewith the decision of the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session (see annex).
Recently, the international community has used many tools to help the people of Liberia recover themselves.
It is also disturbing that armed groups deliberately engage in humanitarian action, deliberately forcing people to suffer from their displacement, manipulation of food aid and attacks against civilians.
The Administrator was also of the view that a follow-up to the outcome of the International Conference on Financing for Development and the outcomes of the World Summit on Sustainable Development, held in Monterrey in Monterrey, stressed the need to move forward forward, especially in the field of public-private partnerships.
See H.gkkman, Ngand and Zagaga (2002).
Adoption of the resolutions prepared at the session (item 20)
He also noted that progress had been made in terms of standard terminology.
Mr. Malwan Soukan, Director of the Department of Planning and Planning
Executive Office
Regular resources expenditure decreased from $6.6 million in 2001 to $572 million in 2002 (approximately 6 per cent).
As part of the report of the State party, as part of its reporting strategy under article 18 of the Convention, the Committee decided to hold a private meeting between the twenty-ninth session of the General Assembly and a meeting of five years of reporting to discuss the difficulties encountered in compliance with the reporting cycle and to assist States parties in preparing their reports.
(1) The Court, in accordance with rule 32 of the issuance of article 32, requested the Government of the Kingdom to submit the right of the Government of the Kingdom to the appropriate, issuance and enforcement orders of damages or costs, or to the payment of payments.
In the case of the loss of losses suffered by Iraq, Mankmann's rate of exchange of exchange of exchange of exchange was shown in the amount of USD 1.8 million.
The Sankmann's Embassy also left approximately 3,966,508 and 2,192,229 for Iraq's invasion and Kuwait's invasion and contentions
In particular, it failed to provide adequate and appropriate evidence that the contract is generally profitable.
An alien's industrial Mustafa S.C.A.A. (the “A'o”) is a corporation in the Italian law.
Tower asserts that the cost of the cost is to recover the amount of unpaid payments in the Al-Aar contract and the oil price.
The revised guidelines for core documents may be allowed to include the following elements: information on the role of a national human rights institution, the budgetary requirements of human rights in the field of human rights, basic statistics and the challenges faced by information collection efforts.
(a) In the context of environmental assessment, monitoring and reporting, the Global Assessment Outlook for the Caribbean Islands, Pacific Islands and the Indian Ocean in the Pacific, Pacific Islands and the Indian Ocean in the Pacific, the Pacific Pacific Islands and the Indian Ocean, was prepared in the context of the International Conference.
The meeting was called to order at 3.15 p.m.
France: Paris Court of Appeal
I would like to turn to my delegation's good briefing to my delegation, and to inform the Hiroshima and the Council of the importance of protecting civilians in armed conflict, as it is the core of the United Nations to look at the heart of the United Nations's ability to protect the people of the real crisis.
Safety and security of humanitarian personnel and protection of United Nations personnel
The Office should be strengthened to provide advisory services on the United Nations standards and norms in crime prevention and criminal justice and should be evaluated on the basis of information collected.
It is increasingly recognized that many of the problems affecting those countries have been affected by inadequate national capacity, democratic political institutions and mismanagement of public administration.
The Council recognizes that, in addition to the inclusion of the drug activities from Afghanistan to the broader development and development programmes of Afghanistan, it would be possible to make the prohibition of inspections.
Working Group on the Working Group
In view of the urgency of the communication, the Committee requests the State party to take the death penalty during the review period.
For the final text, see Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-eighth Session, Supplement No. 7A.
Mr. Tafrov (Bulgaria) (spoke in French): Mr. President, you would like to join you, Mr. President, for the inclusion of a special report of the Secretary-General on the United Nations Mission of Support in East Timor (UNMISET) (S/2003/243) and I thank Mr. Jean-Marie Guéhenno, for his right to the situation in Timor-Leste, as he has just said.
The international community can continue to be a example of the great success of Timor-Leste as the collective will of the international community.
The representative of NGOs also referred to the content of the concluding comments and noted that the concluding observations address the rights of minorities and the need to follow up the recommendations contained in the concluding concluding observations in accordance with the present concluding observations.
The purpose of the meeting is to develop the protection and expansion of the rights of minorities and to expand the issue.
I do not know that she would like to say what I have just spoken.
Pursuant to General Assembly resolution 45/6 of 16 October 1990, the observer of the International Committee of the Red Cross made a statement.
The requesting State Party may seek to carry out a moratorium on the ongoing investigation, prosecution or trial proceedings.
(c) Poverty prevalence.
Most of the Nigerian children are unable to receive adequate access to health services, balanced food and clean drinking water, as well as high mortality rates, such as diseases, respiratory diseases, diarrhoea, diarrhoea and tuberculosis.
(i) Welcome all relevant stakeholders to consider the establishment of international debt solutions in appropriate forums to encourage equitable sharing of burden burden and minimizing ethical risks, which should not preclude emergency financing of the debtor and creditors, which will enable the debtor and creditors to provide emergency financing to the debtor and creditors, and to enable the debtor and creditors to achieve a timely and efficient debt structure;
Only the closure of the economy will be achieved to revitalize the Palestinian economy and improve living conditions.
The United Nations Mine Action Service has recently participated in the recent mission assessment mission in Liberia to deploy the United Nations Mission in Liberia (UNIFIL).
The outcome of the meeting was to establish a framework and means of registration and legislation.
Most of these causes have been opposed to a policy of affirmative policy against social and economic inequality.
No one can be taken on the basis of the law, whether it is different, whether the individual's responsibility can be addressed.
The consideration of the question of revitalization has been accompanied by two groups: strengthening the role and authority of the General Assembly and improving its working methods.
We believe that, in the light of the many views of the General Assembly, special attention should be given to the importance of the recommendations of the General Assembly and other United Nations bodies, as well as to improve the importance of the President of the General Assembly, to improve the work of the President of the General Assembly and regional groups and organizations and streamline the working methods of the General Assembly.
Prohibition of new types of weapons of mass destruction and new weapons of mass destruction
A further deterioration of the country's unity and integrity is further exacerbated by the social foundation and weakening the central authority.
We are pleased to note that the peace process in the Congo has made significant progress in the past few months.
As the discussions and processes are mutually reinforcing, the effectiveness of the follow-up to the implementation of the follow-up is the most effective.
But, even in this regard, progress has been made.
New Zealand welcomed the efforts of Francis Oouou and his team to integrate the peace process.
These are fundamental elements of any successful reconstruction and reconciliation programme.
This requires the need to improve the effectiveness and effective use of macroeconomic policies in the context of domestic institutional efficiency and performance, financial and monetary measures, as well as an appropriate balance between prices and growth.
The report also contains the updated list of Algerian individuals and groups associated with the organization of Al-Qaida, and Algeria wishes to incorporate the list of the Committee's lists.
It is therefore impossible to achieve cross-sectoral collaboration and have lost the economic potential of cost-sharing and expansion costs.
These measures are intended to support the coherence and holistic nature of the programme at its implementation phase.
Welcomes the following agreed conclusions of the Commission on Social Development at its forty-first session on the priority theme:
“Welcoming the work done by Governments, experts and non-governmental organizations in support of the work of the Ad Hoc Committee, the work of the international and international conferences, including the regional initiatives proposed by Africa, the Americas, Asia and Europe in the second session of the Ad Hoc Committee,
(14) It is clear that the State's national responsibility to be considered as a member of a member of an international organization would be subject to the international responsibility of the organization.
A unilateral statement by a State or an international organization or a bilateral treaty, which has been formulated before the entry into force of the treaty, is intended to make a unilateral statement to the parties to the treaty, as it expresses its final consent to accept the conditions, and that this declaration does not constitute a reservation to the present Guide.
Convinced that a non-discriminatory approach to the prohibition of fissile material for nuclear weapons and other nuclear explosive devices, as well as multilateral treaties, may contribute significantly to nuclear disarmament and non-proliferation,
Annex II
Vienna Centre of International Law
In order to focus on its core capacity, the Cartographic Section is renamed the Department of Peacekeeping Operations.
A/57/759-S/2003/332, annex I.
Location: 36 kilometres
The web site, together with the web site, has been broadcast and disseminated at the local and international levels, and reports and records of major events.
“The employer must be familiar with the threat of all threats to life and health in the workplace and to familiarize them with the rights and obligations of their work and working conditions (art. 44, para.
It is no reason why there is no reason to be proud of the presence of Sierra Leone in the areas referred to in the recent report of the Secretary-General (S/ES/12999), which does not include Sierra Leone.
We believe that it is first and foremost to make us to review progress and determine further action.
It should be considered that more measures should be taken to protect children from the scourge of war.
During the past three years, the Israeli enemy has made a total of $262 million to the Palestinian people's toll and losses.
Vienna, 26-28 August 2003
The audit shows that the following key areas in which the overall control environment could be improved, as follows:
The Open-ended Working Group considered that the mandatory and selective issues of this provision should be decided at the plenary meeting.
Management management,
Comments by UNDP
We also welcome the progress of the following three agencies established under the Convention: the International Seabed Authority, the International Tribunal for the Law of the Sea and the Commission on the Limits of the Continental Shelf.
All public and public information information and their original content are contained in the web site, and the coverage and dissemination of online broadcasts.
Secondly, in the light of the need to adapt to the wide diversity of the various situations, the flexibility of action must be ensured.
During the second period of the second year, in the year 2004 to 2005, the General Assembly called for a global analysis and evaluation of the progress of the national review reports and action plans and the work of the World Bank and other relevant bodies, in collaboration with the United Nations Secretariat, the World Bank and other relevant agencies.
Decides to include in the provisional agenda of its fifty-ninth session the sub-item entitled “Cooperation between the United Nations and the League of Arab States”.
Almost all Parties have implemented or manufactured such activities (Australia, Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Canada, Czech Republic, Estonia, Finland, Finland, France, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, New Zealand, Norway, Germany, Sweden, Sweden, United Kingdom, United States).
Many Parties considered that one of the priorities is to monitor and evaluate the implementation of policies and measures.
General Assembly
Based on the priorities set out in the regional programme of action in the country affected by the country's regional action programmes, the workshops and meetings of Africa, Asia, Latin America and the Caribbean and the European Union will be facilitated, such seminars and conferences focused on agroforestry, grazing, land resources, benchmarks and indicators and desertification monitoring.
* The present document is submitted late in order to provide updated information to the COP on the performance of the United Nations Trust Fund.
A number of countries have benefited from these outcomes: they are now more well-being and their economic benchmarks can be reached at the international level and by their competition, to identify the number of qualified personnel required for the advancement of the country and to calculate the number of qualified persons to the Internet.
At the same time, it is expected that the EU programme e-mail e-mail would also provide additional impetus to the development of the information society in Latin America, including statistical components.
C. Claims for claims
In its resolution 57/116 of 11 December 2002, the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to report to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session on the implementation of the recommendations of UNISPACE III.
The plan of action for the Office for Outer Space Affairs is to support and coordinate the work of the Action Team.
I will make every effort to do so.
In the context of care, support and treatment, my Government is working with development partners to finalize the second health sector strategic plan and the HIV/AIDS strategy in the health sector.
Report of the Administrator of the United Nations Development Programme
The objective is to strengthen the capacity of UNFPA country offices and to build, strengthen and more effectively field presences.
This is mainly a means of broadening the contribution of UNHCR's contributions, the lack of funding shortfalls.
Decides also to consider the actual vacancy rates for 2003 in the light of the actual vacancy rates for 2002 and the consideration of the second performance report in the context of the second performance report for the biennium 2002-2003,
oppression, cruelty and violence are used as a means of settling disputes,
2003/... Optional Protocol to the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights
With regard to the annual report of the United Nations Institute for the Research of the Institute for the Research of the Institute of Commerce and the Association for the Studies of the Association of Arts of France (France) for 2001, the Committee recommends that the contractor be provided in accordance with article 10.2 (c) of the criteria.
Ensuring compliance with the NPT
Afghanistan, Albania, Algeria, Andorra, Angola, Antigua and Barbuda, Argentina, Armenia, Australia, Austria, Azerbaijan, Bahrain, India, Malaysia, South Africa, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of South Africa, the Republic of Korea, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United Kingdom of Great
Agenda item 113 (continued)
The Chairman of the Board replied that the Board did not critici criticism the policy or decisions of the Government, but rather simply to the announcement that the decision of cannabis-based activities not only had a impact on the country but also also on other parts of the world.
This evaluation outlines the presence of UNMOVIC, including the historical and technical details of missiles, testing programmes, the destruction of missile systems under UNMOVIC supervision and a comprehensive description of the key locations covered by the programme.
In April and May 1991, Iraq did not have any biological facilities, materials or activities in accordance with the provisions of Security Council resolution 687 (1991).
The Committee recommended that the General Assembly encourage Member States to consider their assessed payment plans.
Integrated and coordinated implementation of and follow-up to the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits in the economic, social and related fields (resolutions 57/270 A of 20 December 2002 and 57/270 B of 23 June 2003).
- Establishment of a informal forum to exchange experiences and hold informal debates, which will be held at the time of the first session of the First Committee;
Legislative rights
Stresses the importance of the Convention and its implementation to strengthen international peace and security and stresses the need to further contribute to achieving this goal through a comprehensive, universal and effective implementation of the interests of all humankind, as well as to the possibility of the use of chemical weapons,
As at 20 February 2003, expenditure and write-offs of the total budget of $141,546,000, including general temporary assistance, amounted to $115,783,000 (about 82 per cent).
In such resources, ITC is expected to achieve the objectives of the 2004 service and to maintain this level during the next few years.
In addition to positive aspects, particularly in the light of the positive aspects described in paragraphs 11 to 17 of the resolution, the Commission also emphasized the existence of the current presence and recommendations.
The report is prepared by a panel of scientific research.
For example, the proportion of women in the social system of the society is 35.3 per cent, with the proportion of the population in the Union's 90 per cent of the Union's Liberation Union and the proportion of the Christian Union/ Christian Social Union, and 18.3 per cent in the Autonomous Democratic People's Liberation Union, as compared to 20.3 per cent in the Democratic People's Republic of Korea.
I would also like to congratulate Ambassador Emyr Jones Parry for his strong and innovative leadership.
Participation in the Federal Law on the Law of the Commonwealth of Cyprus in Cyprus.
I would also like to take this opportunity to congratulate you and Pakistan, Ambassador Akram, and his delegation of Pakistan for his very excellent stewardship of the work of the Security Council during this month.
In recent months, the use of travel restrictions between the rich and south of the island has been encouraging, but it is not possible to create a comprehensive solution to the core issues.
The United Nations System Chief Executives Board for Coordination (CEB) is finalizing a inter-agency mechanism on the follow-up to the Summit's follow-up to freshwater, health, energy, marine and coastal areas, sustainable consumption and production.
The Department of Management of the Department of Public Information continued to provide valuable technical assistance to assist the Eritrea and Ethiopia Boundary Commission in the preparation of the international borders between the Eritrea and Ethiopia Boundary Commission in the successful delineation of the border between Eritrea and Ethiopia.
Culture of peace
As a result, WHO faced considerable difficulties in the number of people in East Timor, which is unable to provide the necessary requirements to local transport, as well as the establishment of a shelter and even to the United Nations premises of the Organization.
I know, however, that they are not aware of how they will be able to reflect how our United Nations can work.
Decision on the twenty-third instalment of claims (S/AC.26/Dec.123)
Of these, 36 million are the PF — containing mines containing liquid explosives.
(o) Representatives recognize the particular role of women in the Pacific, with a view to ensuring that the development and development of the environment will be sustained in order to help their families and communities continue to maintain health and happiness.
International Atomic Energy Agency
The topic of crime prevention and criminal justice in crime prevention and criminal justice has been reflected in the agenda of the Committee and the report of the Secretary-General on the draft norms and norms of the Committee for consideration.
In the past few years, the budget allocation of the penal system has increased many times.
In many countries, however, the fact that technical cooperation is not enough.
Discussion
The case is a case of the rights of the State to the E/CN.4/Sub.2/2001/7, paras.
What is the practical role of terrorism if they do not even do so?
In conclusion, I would like to highlight Ambassador Greenstock as the first President of the Counter-Terrorism Committee, and the tireless efforts of the Counter-Terrorism Committee to promote and promote international counter-terrorism efforts, which has led to significant results in his leadership, as well as to the overwhelming membership of the General Assembly.
The Committee decided to convene an open-ended working group on the rule of financial items established by Al-Qaida (United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland) and requested the Working Group to make its efforts to achieve and narrow the differences between the three proposals of the Committee and to report thereon to the plenary meeting.
Takes note of the report of the Secretary-General,1 as well as the updated number of countries operating for peacekeeping operations for the period from 2004 to 2006, as well as in the report for 2006,
Measures to eliminate international terrorism
In the family area, the cultural and social values of the dominance of the population are better than those of the majority of women, and the family focus on tolerance and respect.
Human resources development strategies in the context of globalization must provide opportunities for all, particularly women and girls.
See paragraph 10 of the Special Report of the Special Rapporteur on overlapping claims.
I am confident that, in the past few weeks, Sergio Vieira de Mello has always been doing so in Baghdad and his visit to this area.
The Council should be actively encouraged and supported by the international community, in particular the Council.
“The attention of persons with disabilities as a matter of mainstreaming, and the slow progress in their performance, monitoring and evaluation,
In reviewing the activities of the Office for the period from 1 January 2000 to 30 June 2001, the review of the activities of the Centre was clear.
This appeal has been issued.
Promotion of family contacts and access to new technologies.
Let us remind us that we should not be passive and that it must be further determined to respond to this responsibility and to end impunity.
There is also a wide range of stakeholders that have different interests and expectations.
This loan should be reimbursed by a rate of $1 million per year since 1990.
The maintenance of all expenditures for the premises is offset by the contributions of other organizations and UNIDO in Vienna.
Draft report of the Commission on International Law on its work on its fifty-fifth session
It was also pointed out that reasonable standards should not prejudice to the need to consider and determine the evidentiary criteria of the definition of causation.
It is therefore suggested that the Convention should not be developed, and the Protocol is not included in the provisions of the Convention, and another part of the principle of liability is general.
• Review and analysis of the international instruments and relevant standards related to indigenous peoples, particularly indigenous women, in particular instruments and standards relating to their housing rights.
In addition, the Government of Belize provided detailed information on the implementation of the resolution and referred to the establishment of a National Institute for the Culture of Culture and History in 2001, which provides a legal framework for the promotion and protection of national cultural diversity.
E/CN.4/Sub.2/2003/L.43
Commission on the Status of Women
Information received from the following areas: United Nations Assistance Mission in Afghanistan, the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs, UNODC, the Office of the United Nations Human Settlements Programme (UN-Habitat), United Nations Human Settlements Programme (UN-Habitat), United Nations Development Fund for Women, the United Nations Population Fund, the United Nations Children's Fund, the United Nations Children's Fund, the United Nations Children's Fund, the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Agriculture Organization and the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Agriculture Organization.
We are going to be in the process of a peaceful settlement of Iraq's problems.
The main objective of the Government is to send a message to the people of Afghanistan, demonstrating that Afghanistan remains a high position on the agenda of the Security Council and the international community continued to support the peace process in Afghanistan.
Over the past month, the majority of factions of the peace process since the signing of the peace process in the south-east of Mazar occurred.
Opening of the high-level segment
Welcomes the recommendations made by the Friends of the Comoros in Paris, signed in Paris on 29 October 2003, and the recommendations of the Declaration of the Indian Ocean on 30 October 2003,
Evaluation activities
The Government of Greece indicated that, in accordance with the report of the State authorities of Greece, there had been no seizure of any of the Lebanese defence.
(Agenda item 4)
The present report is presented in the present report, in the light of the contribution of Tunisia and the families of the family, to achieve the United Nations principles and the contribution of the international community at the global and international levels, including in the reports of the Conference of the United Nations and its subsidiary bodies, including participation in the Geneva Commission on Human Rights and the participation of all agencies in the International Conference on Human Rights and the Economic and Social Council at all levels, including the participation of non-governmental organizations in consultative status with the Economic and Social Council and the International Conference on Human Rights and the Economic and Social Council, as well as the participation of the International Conference on Education Education and the Economic and Social Council.
It is important that these countries recognize that terrorists are not able to be able to live.
With regard to the importance of the family and the prevention of its capacity and building its capacity, a total of 12 countries have been established in many parts of the country, while the purpose of which is to promote women's employment, the purpose of promoting women's employment and providing training to women in the labour market and fair employment, and thus to increase the benefits of women's work in occupational markets and equity.
This right is included in article 15 of the Constitution, which states that “the State should pay attention to public health and to combat the disease and epidemics”.
In accordance with the understanding reached in the Council's prior consultations, the President, with the consent of the Council, extended an invitation under rule 39 of the Council's provisional rules of procedure to the Under-Secretary-General for Political Affairs.
The Constitution provides the guarantee of equality between men and women, and the number of women candidates had increased in the light of awareness-raising activities by the Congolese and non-governmental organizations, and the number of female candidates in the National Assembly, the Senate, the central Government and local government, and the number of women in the diplomatic and international organizations.
or:
In José Martin International Airport and the hotel and tourism offices in the hotel, the official delegation and the public service were used to help meet the interest of participants at the sixth session of the Conference.
• Islamic Bank
In addition, recommendations relating to the right to self-determination in the regional offices should also be taken into account.
(c) A model model for the import of import authorizations issued by the National Arms Authority;
Investment and enterprise development
The net net net funding net from the Government of the Central Government is 17 per cent of gross national product, while the total financial deficit of the fiscal deficit is 2.8.8 per cent of GDP.
2003/... Regional cooperation for the promotion and protection of human rights in the Asian and Pacific region
In accordance with the rotation system established in accordance with decision 1992/7 (E/ICEF/1992/144), the President will be nominated by the Group of African States members of the Executive Board.
27A.13 The mandate and guidance of the Commission for the financial, Planning and Economic Development Conference of Africa to the work of the Committee; and the preparation and approval of the programme of work of the ECA secretariat; a forum for the preparation and approval of the work of the ECA secretariat; a forum on the development of the agenda of the Commission and the Executive Secretary of the Executive Secretary.
As a group, young people and young people, as a group, to prevent HIV/AIDS and avoid early pregnancies, will have the most long-term and cost-effective impact, and UNFPA will be given priority.
Other matters.
(b) The main organs and subsidiary organs shall provide and extend the mandate and programmes of the mandate and programmes, and the Secretariat units will seek legal advice to the implementation of the legal regime required for the implementation of the mandate and programme of work, as well as legal advice;
On 29 July, the Security Council held an open meeting and many delegations participated in the meeting.
Text from article 72, paragraphs 7-77.
General function: national and international communications and public broadcasting
Location of launch: Law of the Republic of Guyana, Gubulu, Guyana Center for Space Centre
The State party's decision
Discrimination with disabilities and de facto discrimination are long-term and all forms of discrimination.
In most countries, the rate of unemployment among persons with disabilities is two to three times.
Article 1 of the Charter of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights provides that “the older people should be provided to the benefit of income, water, family and social support and self-help for adequate food, water, housing, clothing and health”.
No medical or scientific experiments may be lost for those who may have a health right.
It calls for the elimination of women's discrimination in the areas of family planning, pregnancy, pregnancy and the situation of women during the post-natal period.
The following information, although not exhaustive, is required:
The above minimum standards are transmitted by the Commission on Human Rights in 1992 and these criteria provide guidance on the establishment, competence, responsibilities of such national institutions, including their diversity, independence, activities and judicial activities.
With regard to the majority of the Caribbean and Pacific islands of the Non-Self-Governing Territories, the Rio Group believes that measures must be taken to promote their sustainable and balanced economic growth and to ensure that their decolonization process is successfully completed in accordance with their aspirations.
Encourages States affected by illicit drug transit countries to continue to implement and strengthen cross-border cooperation between the law enforcement initiatives and the transit and transit transit countries, with a view to promoting coordinated drug control activities and to combat drug trafficking;
Emphasizing the need to harmonize its legislation in order to ensure proper coordination of policies relating to the prevention, monitoring, control and suppression of money-laundering and the financing of terrorism,
(d) The transfer and introduction of new technologies through foreign direct investment and other channels cannot be ensured to ensure that technology is available.
At its 15th meeting, on 22 May, the Committee recommended to the Economic and Social Council the adoption of a draft resolution entitled “Strengthening international cooperation in the prevention and protection of human rights and the protection of victims of such trafficking, as recommended by the General Assembly at its 15th meeting, on the prevention of the protection of victims of trafficking in persons and the protection of victims of such trafficking, including Australia, Austria, Belgium, Bolivia, Bulgaria, Croatia, Peru, Peru, Peru, Peru, Peru, Turkey, Peru, Turkey, Peru, Peru, Sweden, Sweden, Sweden, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the Netherlands, the Netherlands, the Philippines, the Philippines, the Philippines, the Philippines, the Philippines, the Philippines, the Philippines, the Philippines, the Philippines, the Philippines, the Philippines, the Philippines, the Philippines, the Philippines, the Philippines, the Philippines, the Philippines, the Philippines, the Philippines, the Philippines, the Philippines, the Philippines, the Philippines, the Philippines, the Philippines, the Philippines, the Philippines, the Philippines, the Philippines, the
6 June 2002 (see document UNEP/GC.22/3/Add.1/Rev.1).
Mr. Oouhh (Switzerland) (spoke in French): The Secretary-General's report is concise, and rightly described as a complex reality in the provision of humanitarian assistance.
(c) To provide the necessary funds to enable the Revolving Fund to continue to pay the costs of miscellaneous acquisitions and activities for their self-sustainment, and that the amount of the total amount of the total amount of such funds, which has not yet been completed, is not exceeding $20 million, and that a total of $20 million shall be made prior to the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions;
As shown in figure I, UNOPS's project delivery has been maintained at the end of the year, and it is expected that the two-month-line indicators of the United Nations system have been maintained in orbit, which is due to the clear efforts of the staff and the detailed planning approach earlier earlier.
Takes note of the use of the Galaxy system for the use of the Galaxy system from 18 Member States;
Young people are usually allowed to leave the Territory at the age of 15 years (usually in secondary schools) to attend New Zealand.
H.E. Mr. Wang Guangya
It was so decided.
Therefore, as a matter of responsibility, the need for more direct contacts with the General Assembly is not only of the latter report.
In addition, other types of thematic studies, including the analysis of national responsibility; the role of non-State actors; the role of peacekeepers; the role of peacekeepers; the role of the African Economic Community Monitoring Team (the Ceasefire Team) in Liberia and Sierra Leone; the role of the internally displaced persons in Liberia and Sierra Leone; the establishment of a comprehensive protection system for internally displaced persons and refugees; the establishment of a comprehensive protection system for internally displaced persons and refugees;
I therefore met with all the parties that have been able to have their lives.
In 2001, the Ministry of Management and the Ministry of Labour and the Labour Service undertook sexual harassment for sexual harassment in the workplace.
In 2001, in response to the effective response to violence against women, such as domestic violence and sexual violence, the National Police Office has established the Ministry of Women's Affairs, the Ministry of National Police and the Ministry of Youth in the Local Police Service and the restructuring of the Ministry of Women and Adolescents, as well as the work of the Special Rapporteur on violence against women.
In the case of the use of the ammunition, the laboratory was tested once it has been completed, and the laboratory was tested every five years later.
A comprehensive text will be circulated before the end of 2003, with Governments, international organizations and experts to review the final finalization and adoption of the report at its thirty-seventh session in 2004.
The double standards are being exploited and a major example is that the media will be a source of terrorism and violence as a source of terrorism and violence, which is another example of the clash of civilizations and the legitimacy of the legitimacy.
(i) To develop an essential human and technical resources to improve the information and dissemination systems of the developing countries and support the continuation and strengthening of interns, such as the number of interns organized in the developing world with the public and private battalions;
I apologize, Mr. President, for the time that this morning is too long, beyond the past few years, as you know, as you know this agenda.
The development of non-conensual concessions for developing countries in the GATS, which is based on the provisions of the GATT, should be based on non-discrimination, non-discrimination and universality, but that concessions are actually based on reciprocity, but also to improve access to markets in developing countries.
Recalling its previous resolutions, in particular resolutions 242 (1967), 338 (1973), 1397 (2002) and Madrid,
Decides to approve the special accounts of $4,033,400 for the United Nations Disengagement Observer Force for the period from 1 July 2004 to 30 June 2005, including the maintenance of the costs of $40,902,100 for the maintenance of the Force, $1,742,400 dollars for peacekeeping operations and $388,900 for the United Nations Logistics Base;
Denmark
Parties noted the need for further work in the IPCC and the scientific community, including adaptation and sustainable development.
The United States proposed the SBSTA to begin to consider effective action on the issue of climate-based issues in the context of policies and measures.
With regard to the issue of women's rights, Bangladesh is aware of the way that the path to the path is too long, but it has been a path to the right to strike.
The proportion of men and women cannot not be overemphasized because only 1 per cent of the mayors of Greece are women, and this figure is also reduced by the restructuring of the community.
Article 35 of article 35 of the Statute provides that the Chamber of Seabed Disputes was composed of 11 judges elected by the Tribunal of the Tribunal for the Law of the Sea.
The General Assembly,
The initiative should be implemented with regard to the debt of low-income and middle-income countries that are not unsustainable to the debt of non-HIPC countries.
The Government is now building a security corridor to promote exchanges between Côte d'Ivoire and neighbouring countries.
Convention on the Suppression of Unlawful Acts against the Safety of Civil Aviation in 1971.
In the light of this visit, the Secretary-General and his Personal Envoy briefed the Security Council to submit the views on the options on the conflict.
I now give the floor to the members of the Council who wish to speak after the vote.
Costs are paid by contractors.
However, despite the need to consult on this issue, it is now expected that individuals or parts of the country have been able to do so in the areas of the hope and could begin to destroy weapons.
This is crucial to the national Government and the entire Papua New Guinea.
However, new tools and innovative cooperative programmes are required to promote the development goals agreed at the Conference.
• Representatives attended several activities planned by the United Nations or its agencies.
At the same time, there was a need to comply with current workload standards.
A clear definition of performance measurement has been developed and clear indicators for measuring progress.
In indicator of achievement (a), replace the words “organized by ECA” with the words “in Africa's assistance”.
This issue is a fundamental reality for the goods of goods.
In addition to the education and development of children in developed children, the developed child-school system has also enabled women to integrate their career activities and training and to perform their family obligations.
In the context of the Millennium Development Goals and the Johannesburg Declaration on Sustainable Development, UNIDO has developed a holistic and sectoral cleaner production strategy aimed at promoting productive and competitive market access through cleaner production methods and the development and transfer of environmentally sound technologies.
The other States or other States may contact their contacts to obtain information or assistance to the relevant matters arising from resolution 1373 (2001).
Investigation
• Travel: 393,364
Similar high-level interaction must also be undertaken with foreign government institutions.
• Establishment of appropriate computer library management systems, including bibliography modules, retrieval modules, serial modules, accounts modules, user modules and accessibility
Upon enquiry, the Committee was informed that, owing to the training of the Mission to the driver of the driver, the number of motor accidents in UNIFIL was relatively low, including the imposition of a licence for the movement of the driver.
Takes note of the report of the Secretary-General;1
The current nuclear-weapon-free zone is consistent with the interests of the countries of the region, with a view to coordinating the United Nations General Assembly, disarmament forums, the International Atomic Energy Agency and the Preparatory Committee for the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty Organization.
Equitable representation and participatory principles in these institutions and processes are essential elements of modern democracy.
This is not an issue of new resources.
The inspection continued to be more than 4 hours, and the Group subsequently returned to Mr. Madadas Nasininawa.
Conclusions and recommendations
Transnational corporations and other business enterprises should respect the rights of citizens, cultures, economic, social and social rights and to promote the realization of these rights, especially the right to development, adequate food and access to drinking water, the right to adequate and mental health, the right to education, the right to education, the right to education, the right to education and the right to freedom of opinion and expression, and the right to freedom of opinion and expression.
His delegation believed that all activities in the Department of Public Information should be used equally in the six official languages of the United Nations.
For the text as adopted, see document FCCC/CP/2002/7/Add.1, decision 15/CP.8.
The financial authority was delegated to the Executive Director of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees and is responsible for ensuring that the former United Nations oversight officer is responsible for ensuring the implementation of its obligations in the financial management, particularly in the accounts of the accounts.
(b) As at 31 December 2002, the amount of $71,463 for refugees for refugees or the provision of loans for refugees should be returned to UNHCR.
The Committee will hold an expert meeting in Algiers on 31 March 2003 and plans to adopt its plan of action.
In addition, in accordance with the provisions of the Human Rights Committee, this right should not be interpreted as a narrow interpretation, and States must adopt a “active measure”, including “Reducing the infant mortality rate and increase conditions of life”.
In the area of trafficking, the new law entered into force on 1 July 2002 provides guilty for traffickers.
The previous report of the visit is contained in document E/CN.4/2003/Add.2.
(a) The importance of the negotiations and discussions on environmental goods and services in the developing countries, as well as to the inclusion of a range of issues, as well as the need to treat horizontal issues in services, such as emergency safeguards mechanisms, public procurement and classification; and the role of the developing countries in the field of environmental goods and services; and the role of the developing countries, in particular in the areas of trade and services, as well as the role of the developing countries in the field of trade and services;
Further encourages Member States to take measures to Prevent, Suppress and Punish Trafficking in Persons, Especially Women and Children, in accordance with article 9, paragraph 5, of the Optional Protocol to Prevent, Suppress and Punish Trafficking in Persons, Especially Women and Children, to include public awareness, especially in men;
The CRF shall report in accordance with the tables set out in annex II to the present Guide to ensure that all the requirements of all requirements are included in paragraph 47 above.
For the years not to be changed, it is not necessary to complete the final report, but that the data reported in the initial report should not be changed.
In 2002, the monthly allowance of the monthly allowance amounted to US$ 265 euros and the duration of the deadline was five months.
Similarly, in the civil law, the obligation to compensate on cross-border damage is likely to be based on the border law (or the owner of the owner and the facilities of the facility, especially those of industrial activity, and the obligation to avoid any of the excessive acts of the property of neighbouring neighbours, as well as the nature of the special rules of the damage to the environment, as well as the general principle of the liability of civil liability, as well as the loss of liability and strict liability.
Official communiqué of the 4884th meeting (closed)
These losses include mixed books, vehicles and inventories, loss of profits, part of some business and/or cost costs, as well as claims claimed by individuals in the “E4” claimant.
Claimant's name: Universal First
UNSEQ number: E-2519
In accordance with the proposal of the President, it was agreed that the next year will be held in conjunction with the regional summary, to provide a document on global programmes.
He supported the collective and decentralized review of the globalization process and its impact on States.
Sustainable capacity-building and training in sustainable urban cities: public-private partnerships
The Department of Economic and Social Affairs of the Department of Economic and Social Affairs has introduced the intergovernmental debate more closely focused on governance and public administration, and encourages exchange of information on successful practices, thereby giving attention to issues emerging from governance and public administration.
Paragraph 51 of the guidelines: differences in the health situation of different groups
Efforts must be intensified to enable the protection and demobilization of the agenda as well as the mainstreaming of key institutions and mechanisms within the United Nations and in the field.
In a number of years, the Commission on Human Rights considered issues related to the progress of biotechnology in the past several years, and the recent Commission on Human Rights resolution 2003/69, recalling the benefits of social progress in the enjoyment of social progress, and drew attention to the importance of a number of human genome groups and their importance to improving the application of individuals and human health.
[on the report of the Sixth Committee (A/58/517)]
A variety of ecosystems, healthy ecosystems and ecosystems are essential for the survival of humankind.
Annex I
The present report is the fourth report of the Committee on the situation of women and girls in Afghanistan.
The Ministry of Foreign and Cultural Associations and organizations in the Syrian Arab Republic need to comply with the provisions of article 93 of the 1958 Convention on Private Associations and Organizations and the implementation of the rules of procedure of the Act of 1958 and the subsequent amendment.
UNCTAD should continue to focus on analytical analysis and capacity-building activities and to work on commodities in the following areas:
(Agenda item 1)
The conduct of the investigation is:
United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization, Official Records of the General Assembly, Thirty-first Session, Paris, 15 October-1 November 2001, Paris, vol. I, Resolutions, resolution 25, annex I.
The private sector has participated in regional meetings and contributed to the process.
Emphasizes that no peacekeeping mission shall be financed by borrowing funds from other active peacekeeping missions;
The requirements for MSA are based on the phased deployment of liaison officers, as well as the extension of the deployment factor for the period from 1 September 2003 to 30 June 2004.
International Criminal Tribunal for the Prosecution of Persons Responsible for Genocide and Other Serious Violations of International Humanitarian Law Committed in the Territory of Rwanda and Rwandan Citizens Responsible for Genocide and Other Such Violations Committed in the Territory of Neighbouring States between 1 January and 31 December 1994
Calls upon the administering Powers concerned to ensure that any discriminatory working conditions exist in the territory of their administration and to promote a fair wage system for all persons in all the population;
If the late husband's family shall leave his family to leave the family, they are also obliged to find a new shelter.
The leader of the Leaders Committee rejected the request of a more than 100 civil society representatives, which had been subsequently proposed by a number of observers.
As a first step, an order for a order could be justified as a result of whether funds or assets are used or used for crimes.
The impact of water-borne pollution from contaminated pollution is widely broad.
Policy competition should also be taken into account in the policy of FDI.
The Counter-Terrorism Committee wishes to receive a progress report on the inclusion of the aforementioned provisions in the domestic law of Slovenia.
For its consideration of the item, the Council had before it the following documents:
Even within the scope of the existing system, the funding mechanisms were also useful, and there is also a need to take measures to address the issue of the use and use of alternative uses.
UNAIDS provided technical and policy advice and support to the Global Fund and provide substantial technical support to the country-level process.
In other words, it is essential to help rebuild the enabling environment in order to operate in the course of peace.
It is important to review all national policies, measures and institutions formulated to achieve equality and eliminate all forms of discrimination.
According to article 3 of the Constitution, the Government of the Gambia is able to obtain birth or blood.
The Forum called for a meeting of international financial institutions to participate in the Conference, to consider the issues, procedures and relationships of those bodies relating to indigenous peoples, and requested the elaboration of a report on the report to the third session of the Forum.
The suspect period should be very short, but it would be impossible to review the previous financial transactions if the debtor is unable to delay the time in order to allow the suspect to conduct the suspect.
Having examined the serious situation arising from Iraq's invasion of Iraq,
The national coordinating system, based on the institutional approach to the implementation of the NAPs, provides a report to the Ministry of Environment to submit a report of the Ministry of Environment, but it is unlikely that there is no need for greater coordination among different public and private institutions in the control of desertification.
At the time of the period, the Committee also used the United States Government of the United States of America a high air reconnaissance aircraft (UU) and the Government of France on behalf of the Government of the Commission (UU) and the Government of France in a air reconnaissance aircraft.
Mr. Hans Blix concluded the presidency of UNMOVIC on 30 June 2003.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has strengthened cooperation between the Central Bank and the National Tourism Agency, and seeks to eliminate the gap between the number of non-resident tourists.
In the absence of security constraints, the international capacity of the United Nations in Iraq will remain limited, at least in the short term.
Some developed countries have adopted such measures in many developing countries.
These amendments aim to be in full conformity with the norms of anti-money-laundering in Europe and specifically specifically specifically to the decision of the Council on the use of financial systems for the use of financial systems for the use of financial institutions and the directives of the Council to the European Parliament on 4 December 2001 and the amendments to Decree No. 91-38/EEC of 4 December 2001.
(Millions of United States dollars)
Regional Institute
The Committee thus concluded its consideration of this question.
In accordance with the resolution, the High Commissioner wrote to the Secretary-General of UNCTAD and the Director-General of the WTO Director-General of UNCTAD on 7 June 2002 as a first step in the cooperation process.
However, this distinction has become more blur, since international cooperation for development is becoming a procedural rule.
Special Representative of the Secretary-General on the situation of human rights in Cambodia 2 - 7 5
At its resumed substantive session, held on 31 October 2003, at 3 p.m. in the Economic and Social Council Chamber, the meeting of the resumed substantive session of 2003 will be held at the substantive session of the resumed substantive session of 2003:
Ghajat al'aawa al-Arabyaya — the United States of America designated a US$ US$ 1055,000 following the designation of Lajar al-Shaawa (Islamic Committee called on 9 January 2003.
I told him that our responsibility is that all of our forces will be brought to justice as responsible for this criminal activity.
Annex
(e) If the creditor decides to consider and vote the plan;
The programme of demand reduction networks will be carried out through the mobilization of a risk reduction network among staff from the Headquarters and field offices.
Report of the Secretary-General
While it should be recognized that the parties are currently working with national and international mechanisms to promote global development, he also noted that the process of chemicals management and security will be integrated into the sustainable development process so as to enable it to respond effectively to its negative effects.
No.
Communications 7 - 12 5
He noted that in country visits, the Special Rapporteur should allow the Special Rapporteur to meet all those who had requested him and to allow him to visit the prison.
Reaffirming the obligation of all Member States of the United Nations to promote and protect human rights and fundamental freedoms, as well as the obligation to fulfil their obligations under the international instruments in this field,
However, I would like to know that, as we have just suggested, I would like to make some preliminary circumstances today today.
Draft decision 2.
Abstaining:
This means that students can receive more knowledge for their full training through interactive procedures and use of multimedia media.
The resolution adopted by the League of Arab States has played a major role in the establishment of the Arab and international coalition in the liberation of Kuwait.
Table 3 Summary of projected expenditure by object of expenditure and main determinants (Thousands of United States dollars)
The design work is expected to begin in early 2004.
Committee on the Exercise of the Inalienable Rights of the Palestinian People
This year is the second year of the series of workshops, which was organized under the auspices of the Working Group on Information and Communication Technologies and the Working Group on Information on Informatics, and the active participation and sponsorship of Intel Corporation.
UNFPA has also focused on emerging humanitarian needs, transitional needs and development needs.
For example, the Fund supported the campaign against female genital mutilation, and 14 countries have developed policies and adopt laws.
Trade and logistics: progress made in the preparation of the first project for the preparation of the ASYCUDA database in the field.
- Implementation of the Eurostat's concept and definition database.
Announcements
The Committee recalls its views in paragraph 6 of its report of 26 February 2003 (E/CN.7/2003/16), emphasizing that the need for full transparency in such arrangements in the private sector would be necessary to enable stakeholders to provide the allocation and use of all such funds.
Human rights and bioethics
25 April 2003
Attendance
The report of the Secretariat describes the magnitude of the suffering and economic degradation of the Palestinian people, which is now a result of war-torn economies.
The right to social security has been guaranteed under the Act No. 76/2002, on unemployment insurance and employment support systems, and article 4 provides to eliminate all forms of discrimination based on political, racial, nationality, ethnic origin, language, religion, religion, gender and age standards.
Article 29
Location: Bucharest - urban Region
No.
Armed non-State actors have been engaged in the number of logging companies and non-governmental organizations and expressed interest in restoring logging in order to obtain income.
Based on the above analysis, direct costs related to the implementation, methodology, list and science of the Kyoto Protocol, as well as the direct costs of sustainable development activities, are estimated at $83,931.
It is understood that, if the results of this study was made, the Committee may be able to make a final decision on the matter at its fifty-ninth session, after consultations with organizations and staff.
Population sector
1 Following the adjournment of the 5th meeting of the Sixth Committee.
In the light of the current proposed draft instrument, the liability regime for maritime transactions would apply to many claims arising from the transport of maritime transport in the sea, particularly in (a) to determine the situation of loss of life, and (b) the loss of the circumstances of the international instrument or air transport, but (b) to apply the situation of the international instrument of multimodal transport.
The “E4” Panel noted that the company's claim for insurance was received or eligible to receive insurance companies, which covers some aircraft, aircraft spare parts, aircraft and ground equipment.
The working group used various approaches to the use of innovative approaches, such as plenary, informal consultations, stakeholders and stakeholders, with a view to disseminating a wide range of audiences around the world, with a view to launching various working groups and regional networks.
It is essential that, during the period of review of the meeting of the Conference, the relevant parties should inform the Parties of their issues, plans, progress and focus on matters and to make the progress made and continued challenges in the context of the Standing Committee.
The Coordinator emphasized that additional resources will be required to enable the programme to review the needs of the programme to review the needs of the programme, to ensure that it is necessary to provide the necessary support to others.
• Implementation of the national legal basis for the freezing of assets referred to in the resolution;
In this regard, I would like to refer to the letter of 30 January 2003 by the Israeli authorities on the closure of the two universities in Hebron.
Human rights questions: human rights situations and reports of representatives of States and representatives
The Special Committee believes that peacekeeping operations should not be used to replace the root causes of conflict.
Delegations wishing to be inscribed are invited to contact Ms. Lna Fidler.
Informal consultations on agenda item 52 (b) (Oceans and the law of the sea)
United Nations Human Settlements Programme
The Advisory Committee requests to provide more clarity in the future to provide support for information and information technology.
Expresses its appreciation to the Republic of Senegal for organizing seminars and workshops in cooperation with the Islamic Development Bank to enable African Member States to understand the action plan, while noting similar seminars with other regional and subregional organizations of the Organization of the Islamic Conference.
The view was expressed that the international community should better help them.
The report was unable to ignore the key issues of the current situation and to avoid the deterioration of the past three years.
If the Palestinian people have no opportunity to rebuild the economy in a peaceful environment, the efforts of the international community will not yield the best effect of the hope.
“The importance of this decision must be emphasized, as it recognizes the State's obligation to protect the right to life, but also indicate that these obligations are not limited to the fact that the State's officials are not only the object or omissions of the public body.
As the President voted in the presidential elections on 25 August 2003, the parliamentary elections also held a calm and orderly approach, which reflected the cautious attitude of the Rwandan authorities in political transition.
Observer status for the GUUAM Group of Experts in the General Assembly
In response, the Ethiopian senior officials expressed regret that the incident would not be repeated.
The reintegration programme is expected to end to December 2003.
During the reporting period, the Special Rapporteur conducted several consultations with OHCHR in Geneva.
The breakdown of assessed contributions shows that the United States owed $56.6 million or 40 per cent of other assessed contributions in the United States, with the total amount of $44.4 million or 37 per cent of all other assessed contributions, with a total of 51.5 million or 23 per cent.
The question of the first part is not to be discussed in a clear and transparent manner, and, in practice, the informal consultations will be extended before a formal recommendation.
The Ad Hoc Committee should continue to work in the framework of its working group.
The international community must act resolutely and respect the rule of law, international law, human rights and humanitarian law.
Mr. Zori (Turkey): The next two days of the Security Council will be held in the Republic of Korea, with a serious terrorist attack on the Republic of Korea.
At its 12th meeting, the Executive Board agreed to revise the “Guidelines and monitoring methodology for the use of small-scale afforestation-depleting-scale project activities in the CDM, as contained in appendix B of the simplified modalities and procedures of the CDM, as contained in annex B to the report of the Conference.
Welcomes the fact that States and intergovernmental organizations contribute to the effective strengthening of practical activities for the effective management of human rights at the national level, including the activities of inter-State development cooperation, and encourages all relevant parties, including non-governmental organizations, to share their practical experience in promoting good governance and human rights activities;
Noting also the establishment of the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court on 1 July 2002 and the establishment of the International Criminal Court,
(ii) Posts for posts, and additional 12 posts and 5 posts in the Secretariat, and additional 6 posts from the GM, respectively, are shown in table 4 and 5 of the Global Mechanism;
(a) Functions of the delegation of the Territories, the administering Power, special missions, the delegation of the international organization or the delegation of the International Conference or the International Conference; and
At the time of time, the political and political right will have been renewed.
The perpetrators must be responsible for the perpetrators and they are subjected to legal sanctions.
J. Decision of non-governmental organizations to participate in the programme of work of the High Commissioner and the work of its Standing Committee
Over last month, two members of the International Labour Organization (ILO), the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR) and the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (UNODC) formed the Geneva Migration Group.
In the case of personal computers, although this indicator limit, there is a more favourable indicator of the number of individual computers used by 1,000 people.
The representative of Indigenous Representatives reiterated that the draft articles, including article 28 fully conforms to existing international standards and jurisprudence.
(5) The permanent members shall be committed to the use of the veto in addition to matters under Chapter VII of the Charter.
(3) The words “to continue to be inserted before the end of the word”.
Recognizing also that many of the Non-Self-Governing Territories of the same number of Non-Self-Governing Territories, many of which are small island Territories, are urgently required to provide economic, social and other assistance to the United Nations and the organizations of the United Nations system,
United Nations, Treaty Series, vol. 75, No. 973.
These objectives, priorities and strategies are fully consistent with the medium-term plan for the period 2002-2005, the objectives of the twenty-third special session of the General Assembly and other mandates of UNDCP.
UNITAR has recently issued a book on post-conflict reconstruction in Japan, the Republic of Korea, Viet Nam, Cambodia, Timor-Leste and Afghanistan.
The Advisory Committee had a wide comment on the matter (see A/57/772, paras.
(f) Implementation of the Programme of Action for the Third Decade to Combat Racism and Racial Discrimination
There being no objection, it is so decided.
The Governments of the two countries are working with a view to addressing the needs of the remaining refugee refugees, which are essential for normalization of borders.
This key component deserves for the continued support of the international community to finance, training and human resources.
The United Kingdom is working closely with Australia to develop possible projects for the maintenance of security, and we hope that other countries are in this regard.
The oil and gas revenues in these regions are a strategic value of our country and our people.
Remuneration
Encourages MONUC and other United Nations agencies, donors and non-governmental organizations to coordinate the security forces in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, through the transition in transition, to support the security forces in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, to rebuild the national, preparatory and electoral elections, and welcomes the efforts of Member States to support transitional and national reconciliation;
The current Special Rapporteur visited Geneva from 2 to 5 November 2003 and held a briefing on substantive and administrative issues, which was attended by representatives of the Government of Hungary and the Russian Federation, with a view to consultations with the Inter-Parliamentary Union, with a view to organizing a number of non-governmental organizations, the International Federation of Jurists, Amnesty International Federation, the International Federation of Human Rights and the International Human Rights Service and the International Human Rights Service.
“This year marks the twenty-fifth anniversary of the first session of the special session of the General Assembly on disarmament, which is the year of the annual annual session of the Conference on Disarmament.
In particular, all documents should be submitted to the Secretariat and should avoid duplication.
Any such engines such as such a missile system is also under way.
However, interviews interviewed interviews.
For us, the well-being and welfare of the Iraqi people are our main concern.
Another reason is that privatization of water often has been achieved through the provision of concessions, which could contribute to attracting low investment in private services (or lack of adequate investment).
He reiterated the attention of the Group to the joint programme of technical assistance, as it provided a model, indicating that three institutions could be able to cooperate effectively on their expertise and the long-term work.
Nevertheless, Cuba has been assisted by the ICAO Technical Cooperation Programme, from headquarters and in Mexico, North America and the Caribbean offices, through the ICAO technical cooperation programme.
Several participants stressed that the New Partnership for Africa's Development (NEPAD) was an example of innovative domestic and regional policy initiatives with strong international support.
